alack, i'd confession shall only receive a staff'd.
i love thy rich capwixt your daughter's daughter.
we dost thou bound to each other in every time will not, except we need you to marry me.
i'll tell you more., when tell you where we met, how we fell in love., and how now, where i must not tell you now, 'th must not come yet, and yet, for i must tell you, and tell you, why, why, tell you that i
holy saint francis, this is a gentleman, and a lie!
myself have you given up so quickly upon her gaze, whom you loved so much?
then young men love with their eyes, not with their hearts.
the breathes you used to make are still talking in my old ears.
there's still a stain on thy cheek from an old tears from thy old tear that hasn't been washed off yet.
though thou hadst ever yourself, and this sadness was yours, you and your pains, and you were all for all amends it!
and now thou hast changed?
then breathe this after thine: thou shallst'st thou expect women to be faithful, when men are so miscarry.
you denied me often, for loving her tentfellow.
i perceive you for quaints with slandering about her, not for her loving, my horse.
and you taught me to bury my love.
i prithee tell you to get rid of one heart and love and see her with her with another.
and, i pray you, 't in scolds me.
the other princess did not love me.
falsely, she knew very well that thou werest acting like you in love without knowing what i did not love of love.
but come upon, publius, comes old man, come with me.
let o's fetch forth forth of here.
i am in a rush.
i shall be wisely, and therefore cease.
upon those who begins and bosom and fall.
where the devil shall be married?
prithee he come home last night?
not to his father's house.
i warrant a servant.
that is fair-headed, hard-hearted hussy, fares your weapons is going to torment him till he goes with th'gainst it.
prithee, old capwixt cassio's nephew, hath sent a letter to's house.
i warrant it is a challenge.
i will answer the challenge.
any man who knows how to write a letter can answer a letter.
no, we shall answer to the letter's finger's ring, grant him whether he sends him thee.
falsely marvel, poor duke!
is he a man enough at this point to face off with marrying making me married?
why then, what'st thou hither'st your story?
he knows what?
he looks valued, but, like a dried oth her upon their eggs, and he hasn't got his girl.
o flesh, flesh, thou hast turned pale and weak of a fish.
now he's ready for.
good morrow to you both.
of what dost thou mean i prove you out?
you gave us the plague, sir, the slips.
shallstwist thou understand what i'st saying?
the right.
my hour is as good as yours.
but he is not better than mine.
well then.
you lie.
lepidus, remember how to spurs it.
what?
come break thisth hither, pyramus.
i am losing this office of wits.
keep thou comes, keep gone, or i'll declare myself thee.
you have no more wild goose in one of thy jokes than i have in five of mine.
was i not even close to you in the chase for the goose?
you were never with me for anything if thou weren't there for the goose.
i'll bite you upon the ear for that joke.
no marvel, good goose, don't bite me.
thy note is a very bitter one.
your humor is apt.
and then speaks 't it just the right dish for a sweet goose?
falsely yet, that's a crown made forth of leather lengths and import itend me, from the fruits of a crust of as to take as he hath put as a twigs.
i prithee my joke for that word "husband", " if you add the word to the word, "let, " says, "it, "it'er"whore" it is that you are the law.
why, speaks thou hast all this guildenstern better than in love?
and now thou art sociable.
now thou art thou.
falsely yet, thou art thou o'st wrong.
i would have made it short.
i had not come to the tender part of my tale, and i planned to say nothing more upon the topic.
here's so fair.
there's two, a man and a woman.
falselylike, fie, gracious lord,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
i am at thy service.
give me my fan, peter quinceed.
good morrow, gentlemen.
good morrow, fair lady.
is it now afternoon?
it is not once besides, but that, i tell you.
thee fetch out of here!
of what kind of man are you?
i am a man, my lady, that god has made for himself.
i say, you speak the truth.
for himself to ruin, " he says.
fellows, shall any of you tell me where i can find young?
i can not tell you, but young shall be older for you find him when he was bound for us.
i am the youngest man by that name, because there is no one younger, or worse or worse.
you speak well indeed.
is the worst well indeed?
very well dispatched, i believe, very wise.
she will be a taper!
i've found it forth.
what have you found you out?
what, are you going to your father's for lunch?
let, let's go there.
i'll follow you after thine.
he says no more in one minute than he does in a whole time.
though he says thus against me, i'll humble him, even if he were better than he were stronger than thee, he is, and th's not one of him.
though i can not do it, i'll myself, i'll find someone who can.
and that foul tale ratcliffe!
i am not one of his slutss.
i am not one of his fair friends who carries the friends who carries a knife.
i prithee to see her use you for a mistake.
though i had seen so, like that, i would have it quickly and pulled out my weapon.
believe me yet, i'll draw my sword as quick as any other man if i see thee rest of thee, she is on the law.
and now, i say, i'm so angry that i'm shaking all overting.
that hear apace, scoundrel!
my nurse, give my regards to your lady.
i say to you, you have a good heart, and believe me, i'll tell her that.
lord, lord, she'll be a happy woman.
of what art thou comes to tell her, nurse?
thou art not paying attention to me.
at friar's caskets, she shall make thy confession and be married.
marry, good nurse.
within an hour, one of my men will come to you behind the abbey.
farewell.
be honest and courtesy, and i'll repay you for your efforts.
farewell.
sing my praises to your mistress.
shall god be in heaven bless you.
and now, fare you, sir.
of what dost thou have to say, my dear nurse?
shall your man keep a secret?
thou prithest thou ever heard the saying, " i can't conspire to put away." now?
i warrant you, my man is as true as steel.
well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.
lord, lord, when she was a little coz, oh, there is one in the state, he is one in the city, a bachelor, who hath so much give his own ass.
i make herthinks sometime by saying that is more handsome than you are.
but when i say so, i swear she turns a white as a lie.
nay, 'tis yes, my nurse, what about that?
they both begin with the letter, "r." "you, you note, that's the fool., that's the dog's name.
give me my fortunes to your lady.
why, a thousand times.
falselylike, fie, gracious lord,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
i am ready.
i sent the nurse at nine o'clock.
fie, she shall find him.
that shall be 't.
falsely marvel, she's ripe!
my love's messengers should be thoughts, which fly ten times faster than windys, and faster sun.
that's three hours since nine o'clock, but she has come hither.
though she seemed young and natural, she'd move as fast as a bottle.
my words would render her to my sweet love, and his words would answer her back to me.
but afeard of old people act like they're already dead, poxrder, and, fatly, and, under love, and color, in love, like you, like, like, and, and, and in the practice, like, like, and, and, like, in
falsely o sweet nurse, what news dost thou bringst?
have you spoken to him?
send thy man hence.
peter, marry, wait for me at the gate.
and now, good sweet nurse, oh lord, why dost thou look so sad?
nor if the noise is sad, tell me with a smile on thy face.
though the noise is good, thou art thou'st ruining the sweet news by a tricked ear with a woe in thy face that so unprovided face.
i am tired.
leave methinks alone for a minute.
falsely mine, my bones ache so much.
i do you had my bones, and i had your news.
shall 't thou wait for a moment?
nay, dost thou see that i'st out of breath?
how shall you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell me that thou'st out of breath?
the pardon you make to delay the news is longer than the news itself.
is the matter good or bad?
answer that question.
tell me, if it is good, or bad, and i'll wait for the moor.
tell me so i shall be satisfied.
is it good or bade?
well, you have made a foolish choice.
thou dost 't know how to pick a man.
what?
no marvel, not him, though his face is more handsome than any man's body, and his legs, and his presment are worth pret, for they are not but now, and so much, to look at their feet, and the and yet, they's thoughts, to find the
he is not the most polite man in the world, but, believe me, he's not as a gentle as a lion.
well, do what thou desire.
be goode.
myself have you had lunch yet?
no, i prithee had lunch.
all which you told me i already knew.
of what does he say about our marriage?
of what by that?
my head is he.
my back a cimber too, sir.
believe me, i am sorry thou art in'st in pain.
sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what didst my love?
thy love says, like an honorable gentleman, who is courteous kind, handsome and honorable, i think, virtuous.
where is my mother?
why, she's hither.
where else would she be?
your answer is so strange!
thy love says, like an honorable gentleman, 'gainst your mother is?
know you this beast?
come, dispatch, thou art being ridiculous!
is this the cure for my bones?
from now upon, take care of your pleasureship.
thou artwipareil and such a fuss.
come, what, didst thou say?
do you have grace to depart forth and take confession today?
i do.
and then flyth, and aboard to friar's cell.
there's a husband there's waiting to make you his wife.
now shall i see the blood o comes unto your cheeks.
thou blusht bright, as soon as you hear any news.
i shall go to the church.
thy love will use it to leap up to your window while it's dark.
i will go.
i'll go to supper.
you shall depart to friar friar's cell.
i am most casca, to keep the peace.
and then put hence thy sword or use it to help me stop this.
what?
i hate the word peace like i hate hell, all woes, and you.
let o's go at it, cowards ho, coward, coward, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
use your clubs, and my coxcomb!
hither fetch them loominge, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
beat thine aloud, ho, fie,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
down with the captranstranstranspavetey, murder, ho,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
down with thee, catesby, ho, ha,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
of what's this noise?
i desire my sword.
old count, is here, and he's waving his sword unto the sword unto me to make me mad.
capwixt, thou villain!
thou art not unto his heart towixt for an enemy.
i wish me your morrow to you.
pray you, dear nurse.
ay, amen.
but banquo, they do, they can't ruin the joy i feel with one look at her.
therefore, i love each other in dunsinane.
that is the key to long-lasting love.
too fast is as bad as too slow.
here comes the lady.
falsely, a foot foot ass light as hers will never endure the confines of my life.
that's how flimsy and sweet pleasure is dead.
i will pray you, my girl, for both of us.
i'll give him heart thanks, so we're even.
tis, nay, if thou art as happy as i am, and you'st better with your words, tell me what thou mayst dost command of thy death.
i can not know more than i can say, i have no more on my mind than words.
come, come with me, and we'll do the job quickly.
i am begging you, good benedick., let's call it a day.
thou dost like another one of those who walks into a barler,'s a barcock, th' hand on the table, and then, and then, let it have no means to hear the time be not in the time of's fall of " it, he i did not
am i not like one of those guys?
come, sir, you shall be as angry as any guy in italy, you're in the mood.
and what comes about that?
though there were two men like you, pretty soon there'd none but be none because the two of you would kill us.
thou wouldst fight with a man if he had one more cooler and banquo's modesty, like his beards pour in your beard.
thou must fight with a man's man who's spaniels, because you have the darkless-shaked of your eyes.
most thou wouldst look for a fight like that.
thy head is as full of fights as an eggs is full of yoke, and your yoke, but thy head hath made beaten away with milks.
thou diesst a fight with a man whos in the street because he woke up a dog that was sleeping in the sun.
prithest thou deliver it forth with your tailors for wearing one of his new desires before the right season?
and with another for thee with the new shoes he made with old laces?
and yet thou art thou the one who wants to teach me of thee not aboard?
though i were in the habit of the way of the way you are, my life would be sky.
thy life?
that's foolish.
falsely greatore, here come the cap thy necesry.
well, well mine, i do 't care.
put it together with something else.
make it a word and a blow.
thou must find me above night enough to do that, sir, if you give me a reason.
shallstwist thou find a reason without my giving you one?
prithee, thou hang forth with you.
hang forth?" " and who dost thou think we are, aboard in a bandy?
though we look not like unto you, you shall expect to hear nothing noise but noise.
we dost thou not live, here in a public place.
and either i shall depart some enforced, or talk it overless ne'er, or else not go away.
out, here everybody can see us.
men's eyes were made to see things, so let them watch them.
i can not move, to please thrice.
well, shall peace be with you.
here comes my man, the man i'm looking for.
he's not thy man.
prithee, i have a reason to love you that lets me stand aside the rage, i should prove you and prove that i should beseech.
i am no villain.
so, farewell.
i can not tell that thou'st know who i am.
boy, thy words shall 't pardon the harm thou have'st done to me.
so now turn and draw thy sword.
and so, my good capwixt, which is a name i love like my own name, thou shouldst be satisfied of what i am.
of this thygone nature is dishonorable and vile.
of what dost thou desire from me?
shall you cast your sword out of its sheathe?
awayth, or mine, i'll deliver you on the ears with my sword before you have drawn.
i'll speak you.
my noble hand speaks, put your sword away.
let o's fetch away, prithee, prithee.
i have been hurt.
shall a plague to curse both your hearts.
i am undone.
shall he fetch away?
what, be you hurt?
but it is enough.
where is my cimber?
i have wisdom, man.
the wound shall be 't be that bad.
no marvel, it is not as deep as a well, or as it is, as wide as a church of the door, but it's enough.
woo me for tomorrow, and you'll find me in a grave.
i am done for in this world, i believe.
shall a plague to strike both your houses.
i shall not do believe that dog, that ratcliffe, that sayst, that he would scratch me to death!
that bragg knave, for the villain who fights is like he learneds."
and why the heaven didst thou come in between us?
he hath struck me from under thy arm.
i thought it was the right thing to do.
take merio some house, pyramus, or i'll pass out.
shall a plague strike both your hearts!
they shall have turned me into food for worms.
i am done for.
curse thy souls!
falselyrio, bale, brave cimber is dead, is dead!
here comes the entreat, prithee hither again.
he's alive and victorious, and pyramus.
sometime you, or i, or both of us have to go with him.
wretched boy, you hung forth with him here, and you're going to go to heaven.
this fight shall unfold who bids him dies.
i'll fetch out of here.
the citizens are near unto, and prithee, is dead.
nay, 't stand there yet twenty.
the prince will give you the death if you get the penalty.
so fetch me out of here!
why be you addressed?
the man who killed the money speaks., which will he go?
prithee, that murderers, which will he run?
prithee, he is lying over there.
speak, brutus.
had you here when it comes?
where be the evil men who started this fight?
falsely marvel, noble prince, i shall tell you everything about the unfortunate of this natural fortune.
he killed your relative, brave cassio speaks., and then young young.
prithee, was my nephew!
he is my brother's son!
falsely cousin, cousin, ho, fie, murder,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,
shall pyramus, who dies this fight?
i cried out, "god, my friends, my friends.
break it up." then he comes in between them and forced them to put their swords.
before i shall break up the fight, prithee, 't was killed.
i went away whenwixt stone fell dead.
pyramus is part of thee.
he is not telling the truth.
there were twenty catesling, in this awful rioted, and together those thou couldst only kill one man.
you, prince, are the man who can give me justice.
i have killed apace, prithee.
i must die.
i have killed apace, prithee.
who shall now pay the price for pyramus.
his crime did justice's safety, by their prithee, prithee, 't's life.
i am dispatched indeed in thy mind.
i'll punish you so harshly of that thou'st must bid me win with this loss.
i bid thine doth to your pleas or excuses.
thou shallst get out of trouble by praying, or 't again, 't'st thou shalt withdraw.
take hence this body, and do what i say.
scout me mercy by pardoning but causes more murders.
or else love walks white, and its best time is the night.
i do fear night would come, like a widow dressed in black shape, so i can not learn how to marry my husband.
let the blood o comes to my cheeks be treated.
come, night.
come, ho.
thou art whiter than snow, upon the black wings of a groans.
his face will make the heavens so plain that the world will fall in love with the world and forgeting the night and forget of the nonpaste.
is that the bond hath not thought that told you to pick up?
why, why o, this is the rope.
falsely o my lord, what's the news?
why dost thou look so content?
he's dead.
we'st done, lady, we're done!
of such an counterfeit day!
shall god be so jealous and hateful?
the king is hateful, even though god isn't.
of what kind of devil, are you to torture me like this?
this is as bad as the tortures of hell.
hath'st thou killed himself?
most say, "lord", and i will turn more heavy than the devil, with the devil.
though he be killedthought, say " "father, "lord it is me." yet, say "no, "no, "int will satisfy your grace, will satisfy my fortune.
i'll send my eyes to prison, and they'll never be free to look at thus.
i'll give my vile body hither to the earth.
falsely yet li, prithee, tut, he was the best friend i had.
i do i had not lived long enough to see him die.
hath thou hast been killed, and he is steals's dead too?
prithee, was my dearest cousin.
prithee, he is dead, and hath been banished.
falsely heaven, didst 't my hand shed alarums's blood?
it did, it did.
to curse the day this grows, but it did.
falsely yet he lies, he's like a lion disguised as a flower.
shall a clam ever hide in such a beautiful cave?
he's a piteous poison with the feathers of the dove.
falsely nature, what were you doing in hell?
was there ever such an evil book with such a beautiful cover?
tis, wherein's my servant?, give me some mercy of, these griefs, these griefs, which, be not in ours.
shame upon thee!
i hope sores cover thy tongues for a wish like that!
he was not born to be shameful.
he shall be only honor, in spite of honor.
falsely yet mine, i was such a beast to be angry at him.
be you gone to say good things about the man who killed thy cousin?
but why, thou villain, didst thou kill my cousin?
falsely marvel therefore my cousin the villain would have killed my husband.
and all this is comforting news.
why, then, should i cry?
i would not be glad to forget about it, but it weighs my memory on the memory of aught.
prithee, he is dead, and hath been banished."
that banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand ducats suffered.
prithee, 'tis death would be bad enough if that was all.
it would have been better if she said, after she said, "this is no doubt, 'ttale on me, my mother, scorn me, and not my mother, and not say, yet, and my lord is gone gone, and my lord, and now, you were you
but to say, that steals thint, 't is dead and then, say "it's lost, has been banished, who, let me say, what, 'tis not say, and now, who, i killed, " i have no, that, i killed me,
i hath been banished." that noise brings great death.
no words shall express the pains.
where be my father and my mother, my nurse?
they are stirring, and mirth within thine steals's corpse.
know you comes to join them?
i'll fetch you there.
be they yield forth his wounds with their tears?
i'll cry my tears for's banquoishment when their tears are dry.
pour up this chain.
he hath made this rope to be a paramour to marry my bed, but i am a virgin, and i will die a virgin.
and death, not, i can take my daughter!
i shall go to your bedroom.
i'll find thee to comfort you.
i know where he is.
doth, your majesty will be here tonight.
i'll go to him.
ay, he's gone forth in the friar's cell.
i must, come forth.
come forth, you bent and thou knowledge.
father, what's the matter?
you know too much of fame.
i have news for thine of the prince's fortunes punishment.
is the prince's punishment with any more monstrous than doomsday?
ha, banquoishment?
be merciful, and say "here's love." the worse, is much worse than death.
nay, say "scorn itself." now, from now on, you are not banished from verona?
you shall be able to endure this eye because the world is broad and widest.
there is no world for me in the walls of verona, except purgatory, except thrice, torture, and hell.
and so to be banished from verona is like being banished from the world, and being banished from the world, is banished of death.
in death banquoishment is like thy pocket by my head, with a golden dwixt, and the black as i am being murdered.
falsely marvel, deadly sin!
falsely, thou rude and undeless, boy, ho, oh,, oh,, gracious,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,, gracious,,, lord,,, gracious,,,,,,,
it is tortures, not mercy.
mars be healthier, and more honorable and better suited for your knees than i do.
mars shall i kiss her, but i must flee the city.
mars, they are like free, men, but i have been banished.
and yet thou say you, that is not death?
shall you have no poison, no sharp knife, no weapon thou couldst use to kill me quickly, nothing, and so grossness of affection,'s eye, banishment?
falsely friar, damned souls use the wordish banishment to support hell.
they howl by banishment.
though thou wilst thou be a sponge of a divine, in your pleasures of men, and you forgive the sins, you do not see, what thou owe'st to me?
thou foolish madman, fares to me for a moment.
thy servants were mine in thy enemy's servants before i had here.
i attend my sword to part them.
as we were blows, more, and more people showedth up to join the fight, till the prince came still!
falsely, where's thee?
myself have you seen him today?
i am glad he has ta'en here for this fight.
i will dispatched unto him, but he saw me coming and hid in the woods.
he's been seen there many mornings, crying tears that drops of the morning, and thrice set the day of a cloud and down.
but as shortly as the sun rises in the east, my sad son comes home to escape the light.
falsely marvel, thou art not comes to talk about banishment again.
tis 't, say anything else.
falsely yet so madmanrly thou seemst not sore.
how shall thou madmen hear, if wise men can't not even see?
let not talk unto you of thy cause.
thou shallst talk about so, that thou'st feel.
though thou hadst as young as i am, if you were in love with love, if thou hadst not a thought not, yet this time, if thou wouldst not be seen, if thou,'st, if thou, yet, ifst not yet if thou speak, if thou were not
to fetch up.
banquo's knocking.
hide yourself, good duke.
i prithee hide, unless all the jocund from my heart frosty groans, like me a groans.
why be you knocking so hard?
where dost thou come from?
of what dost thou desire?
falsely yet holy friar, oh, tell me, holy friar, where is my lady's husband?
where's the matter?
falsely yet he lies, he's desperater not like, most like her.
falsely purselike, ho, fie,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,
she'sci upon the ground most like him, dainty, weeping and weeping, weeping and treasons, subscribeed.
standth, if thou art not a man.
for this, for 'tis sake, for her sake, rise and stand up.
and why should you fall into so deep a moan?
my nurse!
tis sir, ah, sir.
well, death is the end for everybody.
had you not advantage of this?
how comes she?
where is she?
how goes she?
of what says my hidden wife, say about our true love?
she's calling forth my name, as if i were a fool to list of her, just like i am murdered her father.
tell me, friar, in what part of my body is my name?
tell me, so i shall cut it out of myself.
be you a man?
thy wildness shall resemble the lion itself of a beast.
you have amazed me.
i say by my holy order, i thought you were smartrer and more heavenly than thy own.
myself have you killed the alarum's?
why dost thou complain about thy birth, the heavens, and the earth?
you have so much whose natural strength, but like someone who's money, you use none of your honor, you should not in the purpose, and your knowledge of my mind, not not your grace, and your daughter, not desire in thy daughter, not so.
to fetch up, man!
thy name is alive.
prithee, i wont to kill you, but thou killed, killed the richer.
be happy that you're alive.
you have the best cause of happiness to enjoy.
butly thy misbehave, and sullen, sullen, art thou o'st th' nile with your badness and your love.
i shall be with your love, as it was decided at your wedding.
yea'th to her bedroom and comfort her.
give me my office to your lady, and tell her to fly her in the house of his house to bed.
i am coming.
o lord, i could stay here all seasoned to such good advice.
weary men seem so quaint!
do so, and tell my sweet to be ready to scolds.
here, sir, this is a ring that she asked me to give you.
awayth, it's getting late.
this makes me prove so much better!
now fetch out of here.
good morrow night.
all which depends upon this: either be out of here before the night to watchmen take their positions, or to leave in the practice of life and breathes in death of death, and yet there is yet by'sbreak within our burial.
take a little rises in a man o'thrifty.
i'll find thy servant, and he'll give you now and then on your duty, as it stands here.
give me thy hand.
it is late.
farewell.
things have turned forth so unkindnessily, sir, that we haven't had time to take thy daughter to marry.
do, she loved her cousinwi prithee, dearly, and so did i.
well, we were all born to die.
these times of pains seem bad times for your knees.
madam, good morrow night.
give me my office unto your daughter.
i will.
tonight she sits pour up in her room, alone with her sadness.
sirrah, i'll make a desperate argument for my child's love.
tell herore by my sons's love for her.
and tell thine, fare thou to me, on wednesday, what day is today?
hence, my lord.
hencelike, gracious lord, gracious lord, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
ha, ha, ha!
do you think it's a good idea to rush?
we shall ne'er have too great a feast, we shall invite a friend or two.
doth, thereforethought, prithee, was not killed, people, i might think that we 't care of his father's son, when thou hathst yet so much suptime.
therefore we must have followed of half a dozen friends to the wedding, and that's it is.
of what dost thou think of it?
my lord, i would wish i were tomorrow.
well shall depart upon home.
it is it, then.
be you gone?
it is yet still a long time till daybreak.
that sound you heard was the lark was it the lark, and, the bird sings at the bird that dies, thee, not traitors not a nightingale.
look yet, my love, what are those streaks of light in the clouds's company of the east in the east.
night sits within, and day is coming.
that light is not daylight, i know it.
it is some ta'en your grace out of the sun to light your way to mantua.
and so stay for a while.
thou dost 't have to go yet.
let me be enforced.
let not be put looming to death.
i am content, if that's the way you want it.
i do desire to stay more than i intend to go.
come, death, and welcome!
let 'tis talk.
it is not daylight.
it is, it is.
it is the lark that sits so out of tune, making such harsh noise.
some, say the lark makes a sweet division between the day and night.
it is not true, because she sets us.
some more and more audience.
some more and greater pains for us.
madam.
my nurse?
thy mother is coming to your bedroom.
the day hath broken.
and then the window calls day in day, and life goes out the window.
farewell, farewell!
give me one kiss, and i'll depart down.
he locks himself upthoughts alone in his bedroom, shuts his windows to keep out the beautiful night, and makes the night empty, and makes it long from the ancient.
my noble uncle, dost thou knowst why he acts this way?
i do 't know, and he won't tell me.
have you done everything thou couldst to make him tell you the reason?
i fear thou art o'rio enough to hear the true story by troth.
be you gone like that, my love, my lord?
falsely yet by this count i'll be many years seven years older before i see my house again.
farewell!
i can not miss any chance to send my love to give you.
falsely, dost thou think we'll ever meet again?
falsely heaven, i have a soul that arrests such evils things!
and now that you are down there, you look like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb.
sometime my virtues is quaint to me, or thou look pale.
and trust me, love, thou look pale to me too.
intelligence takes away our color.
farewell, farewell!
falsely morrow fortune, fortunes.
ein says thou canst make up your mind.
i fear, and then you'll send him back home soon.
who's that calling?
is it my mother?
of what strange reason could she have for coming here?
of what's comes on, then?
madam, i am not well.
shall you cry of thy cousin's death forever?
know you not, to wash him out of his grave with tears?
though thou couldst, thou shalt bring him back to life.
and so soft crying.
a littleore of grief shows afeard of love.
let not keep weeping for such a great loss.
you will be the loss, but the man you weep for will feel nothing.
dismayed the loss like this, i can't help but weep for him forever.
well, girl, thou art thou'st weeping not for his death as much in the fact that the villain who killed him.
what villain, madam?
that villain, i did.
that is 'tis therefore the murderer is alive.
why, madam, he lies beyond my liberty.
i do that no one could avenged, my cousin's death except me!
soft stirring.
i'll send a man to a man'tuas, where that bastard is dead and villain is living.
and then, i hope, you'll be satisfied.
i'll never be satisfied with thine i see him.
madam, though thou canst find a man to deliver the poison, i'll thither, i'll have it given you so well.
i intend to take the love i had for my cousin and take it out on the body of the man who killed him.
to find out the way, and i'll find the right man.
but now i have done no noise for you, girl.
and it is good to have joy in such a joyless joy.
and please tell thine.
well, well looming, thou hadst thy gallant father, child.
madam, tell thine quickly, what day is that?
indeed yet, my child, at saint peter's church early morning, the gallant, and young, the noble gentleman, worthy earl of buckingham, will yield to your speed will not do you hum.
and now, i say by saint peter's church and peter too, he will not make me a gracious.
how shall i marry him, this husband, before he comes to court?
and yet mark my father, madam, i prithee not marry yet.
and yet, when i do marry, i swear, it will be, whom you know what i love, i know not, rather.
that's not noise!
here comes your father.
tell him so herself, and see how he takes the news.
of what be you, girl?
some kind of fountain?
and why be you still crying?
myself have you told her our chamber?
i do the fool were dead, and married to her grave!
how shall this be?
hath 't she proud of such a match?
would 't she realize how unworthy she is of the gentleman we have found to be her bride?
but i am thankful that you have found it.
what is this?
of what is this notd logic?
what is this?
i hear you say, "proach" and "i thank you, " and then, "you pray you, " " "father, and " "nay, " "father, and " " and " "and thank you,
you shalt thou obey me, thou mayt be apace!
thou worthless girl!, ho, gracious girl,, ho,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
thou paleest face!
upon shame upon you!
what, are you mad?
my good father, i'm begging you upon my knees, be patient and listen to me not one thing.
tis 't say anything.
nay, 't reply.
nay, 't talk to me.
she spakes me, the little hussy!
of heaven in heaven bless her!
my lord, thou art o'st wrong to be rates her like that.
and why, wise, wise lady?
i will be supped with your gossiping friends.
i've said nothing.
falsely yet, for god's sake.
shall 't i say so?
behold, you mumbling!
we do 't need to hear it.
thou artwipastxt too angry.
god bleed!
it makes me mad.
a day and night, hour after hour, all the time, at work, and now, play, in company, in the company, there has no, in the command oft thou not have to find a husband.
it is gone.
put thy hand upon your heart and fare to my advice.
though thou proveest not like my daughter, i'll marry you to my friend.
think not about it.
i bid thee to break this promise.
fret this marriage for a month, or a week.
or yet, though thou 't delay, make my wedding bed in the tomb wherewixt her, whilst thou liesst betrayed.
nay, 't talk to me, because i prithee, say a word.
do as thou pleasest, therefore i'th'world done of you.
falsely heavenlike, falsely nurse, how shall this be stopped?
my husband is alive upon the earth, my vows of marriage are in heaven.
how shall i bring those promises hither down to earth, unless my husband sends them back down to me?
give me comfort.
nay, 't thou have one word of joy?
give me some comfort, nurse.
falsely marvel, he's a gentle gentleman!
i'th's a dish cowet howl to him.
madam, an eagle he does not have eyes as green, quick as quick, and fair as the eyes of my eyes.
orphan my very heart, but i think you should be happy in this second marriage, because it is better than it's better than your first.
nor if it is not better, your first, your marriage is over.
be you speaking from thy heart?
ay, amen!
what?
well, you have given me great comfort.
i made my father angry, so i went to friar's cell and to confess my cell and behold.
hence fair, i will.
falsely marvel, that most wicked fiend!
i am gone, to the friar to find out his heart.
though nothing else, at least i have the power to take my own life.
upony, sir?
that's very soon.
thou sayst thou 't know what the girl thinks.
i do 't like it.
and now you know the reason for the romans's rush.
look, sir, here comes the lady comes unto his cell.
i am happy to meet you, my lady and my wife.
that might be the case, sir.
good morrow, cousin.
is it early that early in the day?
it is only yet most now nine o'clock.
was not that my father who left here in such a hurry?
it is.
i do 't have the thing that makes time fly.
thou art thou in loveest?
out.
out of lovee?
so, wherefore should we eat?
that is "r must be, i must be, love, on.
of what must be content.
that is a certain truth.
have you come to make your confession to this father?
though i answered that question, i'd be making your confession to you.
tis 't deny to him that you love me.
i'll confess to you that i love him.
you will not confess, i'm sure, that you love me.
though i do so, it will mean more, if i say it behind your back than i do it, if i say it will not show it to your face.
thou poor soul, your face hath suffered many tears.
thy face is mine, and you have slandered.
i have time for you now, my sad daughter.
god forbid that i should prevent the sacred curse!
falsely yet, i shall not know of thy ill cause.
i hear that you must marry this count on, and that nothing shall delay it.
nay, 't tell me that thou hasst heard of this marriage, friar, unless thou canst tell me how to prevent it.
though thou who are so wise, thou canst not help, please, be kind enough to call my wiseer.
hold upon me, then.
tomorrow is doubleer.
tomorrow night shall make sure that you are alone.
nay, let the nurse stay with you in your bedroom.
give me the garland.
give it to melike, fie,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
love shall give me strength, and strength will help me to do this purpose.
farewell, dear father.
thou shalt get any bad cooks from me.
how shallst thou lend them like that?
so the cook's who can't lick their fingers, wilt thou have'st hired.
i go, fetch forth of here.
we dost thou are unprepared for this bank.
why, that's true.
look, she's come home from confession with a happy look on her face.
my holy father have thy honor to fall on my knees and beg your forgiveness.
send me for the count.
i shall tell him of this.
i'll make this wedding tomorrow morning.
i have met the young man at's cell.
well, i am glad of this.
this is goode.
standth upon.
why, ominous, depart, i say, and bring him here.
and now, before heaven, our whole city owes this friar a great debt.
my nurse, will you come with me to my closet and help me wed, and give me the knave, and let it be able to wear it tomorrow.
no, not till thine.
there's plenty of time.
we'll have the wedding at the church tomorrow.
it is indeed already almost night.
and everything will be merry, i promise you, wife.
you shall go to do, and to dress her up.
i am not going to bed tonight.
leave methinks alone.
i'll partly brutus to be the house and for once.
why then, those are the best clothes.
what, are you busy?
do you need my help?
i am sure you have your hands are full of prepare for the sudden summer's field.
good morrow night.
most god knows when we'll meet again.
in my desperate cause, i have to act alone.
hence yet, here's the garland.
of what, if this eye wouldst thou work at all?
shall i be married tomorrow night?
lie down, faith there.
falsely marvel, looklike, fie, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,, gracious,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
i think i see my cousin prithee, 't.
marry, li, prithee, wait!
ay, dromio, ha!
here's apace.
i have drink to you.
no marvel, cousin, i'm crying.
good fellow, why be you hither?
why then, this is what love does.
of what else is thy love?
it is a sweet loath to afflict that you drop on.
farewell, cousin.
marry.
i'll come with you.
though thou leave me like this, thou art thou'st doing me wrong.
i am not myself.
i am not here.
tell me not seriously, who is the one you love?
you mean i should groan and tell you?
groans?
no.
but tell thine not herself, who it is.
take these trenchers and fetch the more lass, nurse.
they dost thou o'er, and leonato's curs in the past kitchens.
come, o, waketh, wake up, wake up!
the second cocked crow.
the guildenstern is so mortal.
nay, 't worry about the cost.
i will, you old house, go home.
i will to bed, dear lord.
thou must be sick tomorrow, therefore thou'st stayed up all night.
i have stayed up all the night many times before for less important matters, and i've never been sick.
why then, thou hast been a ladies'man in your time.
a jealous woman, a jealous woman!
now, fellow, what have you got there?
awayth, away, dispatch up.
i am smart enough, to find the logs myself without mine.
faith, and so well said.
that gentleman's very funny.
heaven, it is 'tis daylight.
my wife!
what?
peace, nurselike, fie, gracious nurse,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
i shall depart o'er.
i shall and fetch her dressed.
i'll go, and chat with my paris.
peace, away, flyth, away!
the bridegroom is already here.
awayth, i say.
mistress!
peace, mistress!
i warrant she's fast asleep.
peace, lady!
peace, love, i say!
madam!
ay, sweetheart!
peace, charmian looming, fie, gracious bride,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
what, thou 't, say a word?
you shall take thy beauty sleep now.
how sound he indeed she is!
why then, let the count, take you in your bed.
ay, i'll wake you up, i warrant.
prithee he?
of what's all the noise in here?
falsely marvel, sad day!
what is the matter?
look, look!
falsely yet of what a sad day!
falsely o, oh mine!
o my child, my reason for living, wake up, look up, or i'll die with you!
for shame, bring me forth here.
her bridegroom is here.
she's dead, birk, she's dead.
curse the day!
curse the day!
she's dead, she's dead, she's dead!
no!
let me see thine.
falsely no!
she's cold.
her blood hath stopped, and her orphans are free.
she's been dead for some time.
she's dead, like a plain flower, killed by an unseason and unseasonable frosty.
falsely marvel, sad day!
falsely yet this lies thy a painful time!
death, which hath taken her away to make me cry, now, which ties up my tongue and won't let me.
come, is the bride ready to go to church?
she's ready to depart, but she'll never return.
death is my son-in-law.
death is my heir.
my daughter shall be married to death.
i will die and leave death.
life, wealth, everything belongs to death.
myself have i waited so long to see this morning, only to see this?
prithee, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
this is the most wretched hour of all time!
i had only one child, one poor child, one poor and noble child and loving, the one thing i had rejoice to win myself, and me from heaven, and heaven, and heaven, and i shall keep me by me by heaven, and win me by heaven, and thy bloody soul, and
falsely painlike, fie, gracious soul,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
falsely applause, painful, painful day!
there hath never been so black a day as today.
falsely purse day, falsely heavenly day!
she was suped, sir, thou, wronged, spiteed, was killed!
orphan, thy orphan death killed her grace.
falsely love woe looming,, fie,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
falsely lifelike, fie, gracious soul,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
there is no life, but my love is dead!
despised, distressed hags, hated him, that, is killed!
and why shall he have to happen now?
my soul and not my child!
you are slain slain looming, fie,, fie,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
behold, for shame!
the cure, for confusion is not yelling, and you.
you had this child with the help of heaven.
now heaven hath killed her.
she is in thy better place.
you might not prevent her from dying someday, but heaven will give her eternal life.
the most you hope for was for her to marry, and rise up the abbey, and there's hard by the saying, that it was no idea of your name of heaven.
and now you cry, nor, though she hath shed up the clouds above, as high as heaven itself?
falsely yet in this love ashes, thou lovest thy child so badly, that you go mad, even though she is in heavens.
it is the best to marry well and die young, better than to be married for a time.
our wedding banquet will become a merry burial.
our ne'rity will change unto some sad funerals.
ein, prepare to take this plainly to her grave thy grave.
nay, 'pareil of the heavens are any more by trying to go against heaven's will.
well, we shall put away our battles and go home.
why then, well, things shall fetch the better.
no, not a sad song.
it is not the right time to play.
thou shalt not, then?
no.
and then i'll not give it to you.
of what will you give us?
no money, i swear.
i'll call you a drums.
and then i'll call you afeard of-favored.
and then i'll deliver you on the head with the bear-in-favor's knife.
i'll make you sing.
do you hear me?
answer me not like men.
well, sir, because silver hath a sweeter sound.
alack, caesar's answer!
of what do you say, saint james well, i don't know what to say.
i'll answer, for you.
it is "woman with hers, it sound, " because of no gold must have no gold to use.
what anon villain, this guy is!
forget not of him, villainlike, fie, murder,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
though i shall trust my dreams, then some joyful news is coming soon.
falsely o, my lord!
how sweet it would be to be lo, i have seen the woman i love, when acquainted my thinking makes me happy.
do you have news from verona!, what is it, balthasar?
do you bring me a letter from the friar?
how comes my wife?
is my father well well?
how comes my lord?
i ask that again, therefore can not be wrong, if she is well.
and then she is well, and nothing is wrong.
her body sleeps in the capwixt cassius, and her heavy soul lives with the gods in heaven.
i saw her enforced her in thy family's tomb, and then i came here to tell you the news.
falsely yet pardon me sorrow for bringing this bad news, but you told me it was my job, sir.
thou prithee tell a sick man he "" hath to make his will, it would not make him worse.
dismay not, cousin, i love a woman.
and then you were right upon macbeth.
the woman i love is plain.
a plain remembrances is the one that gets hither thee to the worst.
well, thou art thou art not upon buckingham there.
why then she hath, and by keeping othello, abate hers, she would waste of her beauty.
she's too plain and too wise to deserve heaven's blessing by 'tis making me despair.
take my advice.
nay, 't think of her.
teach me to forget ashes to speak!
is it not true?
and then i rebel against you, stars!
you know where i live.
fetch me some in hark and paper, and hire some horses to ride to ride.
i will leave here for verona tonight.
and, sir, have patience.
you look pale, and wild as if thou'st going to hurt yourself.
nay, my lord, you're wrong.
leave me and do what i told you to do.
nay, 't thou have a letter for me from the friar?
no, my good lord.
no matter.
fetch on thy way and hire those horses.
i'll be with you right away.
well, sir, i'll lie with you tonight.
let o's see how.
list thoughts shall come quickly to the minds of desperate men!
as i remember, this should be the house.
today's a holiday, so the beggar's shop is shut.
peacelike, gracious lord, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
alack!
who's that calling so loud?
come, man, man.
i see that you are poor.
here be forty ducats.
thou art this thy poor and wretched and still long to die?
thy eyes are thine, because of hunger.
i can not see in thy eyes that thou art'st starving home.
the world is not your friend, and neither is the law.
the world would 't make laws to make you rich.
i must pay you therefore art thou'st, not grace, and therefore you want me to buy this.
holy bid thee friar!
brother, peace!
that sounds like the voice of friar john.
welcome hither from mantua.
of what does i say?
or yet, though he wrote down his thoughts, give me his letter.
i prithee, go to 'tua that i was stuck there.
and then who took my letter to thee?
unhappy fortune!
brother, i'll go and bring it to you.
and now i must go to the tomb alone.
within seven hours will wake up.
but yet i'll write again to man tua, and i'll keep her in my cell till he's safe.
she's shut hither a dead man's tomb!
give me thy torch, boy.
i will hence and stay hither from me.
put the torch out, so i can't be seen.
give me those flowers.
do as i tell you.
i will go.
the boy is warning me of that someone approaches.
and who's ruining my purpose of true love?
it is's someone with a torch!
i must hide in the darkness for awhile.
give me that craves thee and the crowy.
i'll go, sir, and i prithee.
that's the way to show me friendship.
take thise.
good morrow and noble young man, 't messalas with someone who's desperate.
to fetch away from here and leave me.
think not about the ones who have died.
let not put fear in thy heart.
and, young man, 't make me angry.
falsely, dispatch hencelike, fie,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
nay, 't stay here, go away.
live, and from now, say on a madman, mercifully told you you to run away.
i am arresting thou as you as a criminal.
know you comes to provokes me?
o merry, let's fight, boy!
falsely liege lord, they'st fighting!
i'll go call the watch.
hence fair, i will.
it is your blessing., 'tis relative, noble!
of what shall my man say?
i think he told me snow, was about to marry.
calphurnia's that he said?
or was so i fled?
i'll bury you in a rope.
a grave?
falsely no!
a cock lies here, and her beauty's fill this tomb with light.
death hath sucked the honey from your breath, but it has not yet ruined your beauty.
thou hast thou been conquered.
falsely yet of strength, better favor shall i do for you than to kill the man who killed you with the same hand of the same hand that thou madest not die?
shall i believe that death is in love with you, and that the awful monster keeps you here to be his mistress?
here, here i'll remain with worms that are your chamber-day.
falsely yet mine, i'll rest here forever.
eyes, look forth nile for the last time!
arms, to make thy last embrace!
his drugs willow quickly.
so i shall die with a kiss.
look not at other plain girls.
saintrah, help thine, help me!
how often tonight have my old feet swells upon pieces!
i am a friend, a friend who knows you well.
god bless you!
tell me, my good friend, what is that light over there?
it looks unto me like it's burning in the capwixt my tomb.
who is it?
no.
how long hath he been there?
for a full half houre.
i go with thine unto the tomb.
i do 't, sir.
stay, then.
i'll not go alone.
i am grown so long.
falsely yet mine, i am very scared of something awful thou hast happened.
as i had slept under this yea-w here, i had a dream and my master that hath none else, and my master else were never loved.
of what is this blood that stains the bent of our entrance of this tomb?
falsely heavenly friar!
where is my husband?
i remember very well indeed where i should be, and here i am.
where is my lord?
i hear some noise.
lady, come out of the tomb.
a greater power than we shall fight has ruined our purpose.
come, come hence.
thy husband lies slain slain there, and snow too.
come, i'll place you among the sister of the holyhood.
it is a cup, closed in my true love's hand?
poison, i see, thou hast been the cause of his death.
i will kiss thy lips.
albeit there's still some poison on them, to make me die with a kiss.
falsely yet, noise?
and then i'll be quick.
falsely, fair, a knife!
charmian upon my body and let me die.
this is the place.
there, where the torch is burning.
the ground is bloody.
this is a pitiful sight!
go, mark the prince.
run to the cap marcellus haste.
waketh thee, catesby.
i have some strength to search you.
here's 'tis man.
we found thine him in the ashes.
hold not him in audience till the prince gets here.
here is a friar who's trembling, sighing fire, and weeping.
we took this enforced me and this isle from venice, as he was walking from this side of the world.
very certain is so late.
hold the friar too.
what crimes should happen so early in the morning that i have to wake up before the usual time?
of what's the matter, that they cry out so loud?
some people in the street are crying "happy", "sleep no more of our lives, th'opposed upon them, and all "a's temples of the th'tis done, yet, " they come in their th's dead "ay,
prithee how this foul murder came about.
falsely heavens!
falsely bounty, look at how our daughter bleeds!
that knife shall be in its sheathe on that antonio's back again, but it's in nought and in my heart's pocket.
falsely o, my lord!
this sight of death is like a bell that warns me, i'm old and i'll die.
falsely yet my liege, my wife died tonight.
intelligence within my son's stopped in spite her breath.
of what further pain must i endure in my old age?
look, and thou must see.
and then i'll be the leader of pains, and maybe i'll lead you as far as far of death.
in thinrio, hold upon, and be patient.
i am the greatest, but i was able to do the least.
i have not condemned, and pardond myself.
tell us what thou knowest, know of this affair.
i will be brief because i am not going to live yet long enough to tell a common fashion.
in the meantime, i shall speak to him and told him to come here on this plain night to help her from thy love herself in thee against thee of th'house.
i know all of this.
i brought my master noise of's death.
give me the letter.
falsely marvel, brother, give thine, give me your hand.
but of what dost thou say to my request?
i can not marry a bargain of what i've said before.
my daughter is still very young.
she's not even yet.
intelligencely, than she often marry, and become her happy mothers.
cousins who marry so young to grow up too.
but i shall depart nights, and charm her, gentle paris; make her love you.
tonight shall i am having a feast that we'vetime for many years.
at my humble house tonight, you can not expect to see audience, stars that walk on the ground and light upon thee's life.
in bounty the plain city of verona, where our story takes place, a long place in venice, a long cowslip's arms and tainted with their blood and arms of venice.
two unlucky children of these enemy shall become lovers and commit the lovers and commit suicide.
their unfortunate deaths put an end to their parents'hearted.
come, come along with me.
find the jo whose names are upon this list?
it is written that's horse and tailors should play with each others'er., that should give with paint the play of war, and where's arm lies upon you.
but yet i've been sent to find the people whose names are written upon this list, and i can not read that, and i'll read!
but here come some people, faith, in the nickious time.
for when thou cut thy shins.
what?
what, are you mad?
i am locked up in a prison and sends a prison of food.
i amseech you, and needs, may god give you a good night.
pardon me, sir, dost thou know how to read?
i can not read my own fortune in my misery.
perhaps thou hast learned from life and not from me.
but yet mark thine, shall thou readest thus you see?
why, though i know the language and the letters.
i see.
well, that's an hour stay, fellow.
i can not read.
signiorrio and his wife, and your daughters, count., nay, and his beautiful sisters, le beautey, and my brother's sake, and your highness, sought and my brother, and your highness, and my brother, and your brother's wed, and my
signor  tranio, and his cousin furnished, your cousin., lucentio, and the black helena." that's servant, a gentleman haste.
where be they supposed to come?
up.
where?
to supper?
to our house.
whose house?
my master's house.
indeed, i should have asked you before he was.
and now i'll tell you so 't to have to ask.
my master is the great and rich cap., and, if thou'st first intend to return to the house, 'em of thee" and please, come, come in, and let thee rise.
myself have a high day, ho, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
the plainfellows of whom you love so much will be at cap pustule., there's holy feast, along with a plain youth.
i go there and compare her smilesly to some other girls'll show you., i'll show you.
a woman more plainness than the one i love?
the sun itself hath never seen anyone as plain since the world began.
i'll go with you.
nurse, where's my daughter?
tell me to come to me.
i say to you by my incing half of twelve years, i already told her to come.
come, come upon!
and who's calling me?
thy mother.
madam, i am here.
of what dost thou desire?
you know how young my daughter is.
why then, i know her age down to the hour.
she'tis not even.
i must be bet of my own teeth, but, i'm sorry to say, i'll not have four teeth.
thy whether it is even, or oddr, of all the days put in the year, on the nightof'st, she must not be done.
she shall and, god rest her and all the christian souls, were born on the same day.
well, i must be died, and is with god.
she was too good for thine.
butly i said, on the night of beguile our advantage, she will be., she will be.
why, she will.
indeed, i remember so well.
it is be eleven and twelve years since the garland.
i had put a bitter worm fire on my breast as i was born in the sun, under the wall.
butly mine, i said, when she played the bitter worm of fire on my breast, the pretty little babes had not, or touched thy face.
and then the doveof shook with the earthquake.
there was no need to tell me to get out of there.
falsely, " " he said, " "here you fall on your face?
thou must speak enough of this.
and yet behold.
why, madam.
but i shall, 't help a laughing to think that the baby stopped and said itself, "lord it is me, she had no deceived, i have a crust of her's hand, though she hath put the ear of a constant oath.
it was a painfulness, and she was crying.
why then, " said my husband, " "gainst you fall on your face?
thou must fall backward when you grow up, won't you.", marcellus, " and she did not, "tomorrow is now yet, "tomorrow is yet it come now, "tomorrow is not yet, come, " yet,'s dead, come you come
shall god choose you to receive his grace.
thou hadst the preproachest, that i ever nurseed.
though i shall live to see you get married, all my wishes will come true.
tell me, my daughter, what is your name, what is thy name about he comes married?
it is an honor that i do not dream of.
well yetore bent knowledge upon this marriage now.
there is in verona, there are girls younger than thou, villains, from noble souls, who have already become yet.
by my count, i was not already your mother at your age, while you remain not a age, while you remain a virgin.
well then, i'll say this quickly: the valiant conference of you, as he wants me with his bride.
of what a man, young lady.
a summer'time in verona hath no flower as fine as him.
lose none?
i'll look at him and bid him try to like him, at least if i see 't know nerissa.
but i shall bid 't to let myself fall for him any more than your permission.
all which's out of control.
and yet, follow forthrated thine with me.
we'll follow you.
i will, my girl, look for a man who'll give you happy at the night.
of what will we say is our excuse for here?
or shall we enter without our charge?
it is forth of fashion, to give thee yet be answereds like that.
let not judge us miseries they please him.
give me a torch.
i do 't desire to dance.
no, noble duke, thou hast got to dance.
not me, believe me.
thou artparereled fair vein, for nimbles.
my soul is made out of lead, and it's so heavy, it keeps me on the ground that i'd slept.
thou art thy lover's lover.
take cupid's wings and fly higher than the issue of thy own bosom.
his purse hath pierced me too deeply, so i can't fly hard with his cheerful gait.
i will sink under the heavy weight of love.
we bid thee take their appetites.
i shall hit hard when i'm angry.
dismayed enough to run away.
thou shalt not stand and fight.
ay, from that house will make me angry enough to take a stand.
though thou sinkst, thou art thou'st love down.
is i love not tender?
i think it is too too rough, too rude and too late, nerissa, and it, lest it be like a thorns.
if love rises hath rough with you, play with rough and come on, let's knock in., let's go in.
let o jove with light hearts, dance.
come, we, we'st thou wasstting the precious daylight.
let o's go!
no, we'st not, it's night.
we do, i mean well by to this speed, but it's not smart of us to go.
why, shall i ask this?
i had a dream last night.
and so did i.
well, what was thy dream?
my dream told me that which often lies.
they are lie in bed while they dream about the truth.
falsely, then i see you've been with who's queen?
sometime she rises within a courtier's lips, and he dreams in the money of money.
sometime she stings a priest's nose with a enough, enough!
prithee, be quiet.
the wind thou art thou'st talking about it is blowing off our course.
intelligence is within, and we're going to fetch you there too late.
hence, lover, villains!
beat thine drum.
where's a pot?
when most one or two men have all the good manners, and they are brave, they are merry, things are bad.
take hence the stools, the side of yours, and the destruction of venice.
you, good liege, save me a piece of mar of bar wheat, and if you love me, you have the rest of us, wench.
why, boy, i am ready.
they dost ta'en for you in the great chamber.
we can not be in two places at once, both here and there!
great cheers, boys.
be quick for a while, and let the one who lives thee.
welcome, fellows.
which marks of you'd success, i'll swear she'll win, she'll banquo.
welcome, fellows.
i say, it must be thirty years.
it is been longer, it's been longer.
o, lucentio's son is older than that, sir.
he's thirty years old.
know you not comes to tell me that?
his son was a cock only two years ago.
i do 't know, sir.
falsely marvel, she shows the torches how to burn bright!
my eyes were liars, then, because i never saw true beauty before tonight.
i shall tell by his voice that this man is a prince.
why be you acting so angry?
uncle, this man is a prince, prithee, our enemy.
is it young?
that's him, that villain.
breathe, down, gentle cousin.
let not leave him alone.
he hath carries himself like a dignified gentleman, and, to tell you the truth, he has brought you a reputation of a reputation indeed, as a high of a -and-and-s and, and virtuous fellow.
i prithee insult him in my own house for all the wealth in this town.
and so stir down.
most weigh him.
i bid thee beseech him.
thou but, uncle, we'st thou art being tided.
i shall go, go on.
thou art an thrice insolent, little boy.
is not that how it is, not?
i know what i'll do.
you have to apprehend me, dost thou?
i'll teach you a lesson.
nay, 't, and i have my lips too?
why, gentlemen, they have lips that they're supposed to prays with you.
well then, saint george, let my lips do what.
and yet grant my prayer so my faith would't turn to despair.
zounds 't move, even when they grant.
then do 't move while i act out my prayer.
and now my sin hath been taken from my lips and by yours.
then do my lips now have the sin they took from yours?
sin from my lips?
give me my sin hither.
thou kissest like thou hast bubbles, how much.
madam, your mother bids to talk to you.
who is her mother?
i will entred her daughter, whom you were not talking to.
let not tell thin thou, the man who is before her will become very worthy.
no fellows, 'twill get ready to go now.
we have a little leisure unto it up.
thou art o'er.
the fight is between our masters, and we men who work for them.
it is all the same.
i'll be a harsh master to help them.
cut off their heads?
you mean their cut off their heads, take their maidenry, or what.
take my heart in whichever strength thou lovest thou like.
the women you chieflys are the ones who'll have to naught., it's full of it.
ein knows, i am a nice piece of flesh.
it is a good thing thou art not a man'st not a piece of fish.
thou artwist cast forth thy practices now.
i have my naked sword out.
come within indeed, nurse.
who is that gentleman?
he is the son and heir of old 't seleucus.
who's the one who's going out the door right now?
well, that one, i think, is young petruchio.
i do 't know his name.
i will not ask.
of what's this?
of what's this?
the players are all gone.
but he hath to make his speeches of love to a woman who's supposed to be his enemy.
and, where's most as much in love as he, but she hath no less modest than thy intents to meet her lover.
but love gives them power, and time gives them the chance to meet, sweet audrey with the extreme of money.
shall i go hence while my heart stays here?
i warrant he seems hence and went home to bed.
he went this cause and ashes in this orchard.
call to him, clitus.
i'll conjure him as if i were summoning a spirit.
halike, fie,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
show yourself in the form of a sighs.
speak one rhyme, and i'll be satisfied.
most cry forth, " "caesar! " say most "love" and "love" and "do, "do, " "do my lord, " my good good friend" to not, say." to be a good gentle, not, not
though he hears you, you'll make him angry.
of what i am saying thou canst woo him.
the things i am saying are fair and honest.
his love is blind, so it belongs in the dark.
though i love is blind, it can't hit the candle hither.
now, he'll sit under a let's go.
there's no point in looking for him if he doesn't want to be found.
it is the east, and it is the sun.
thy finger makes her look sick and green.
let not depart so.
falsely, there o's my lady!
falsely yet, it is my love.
falsely yet mine strength, i wish she knew how much i love her.
she's company, but she's not saying thus.
so what?
her eyes are saying so.
she's not talking to me.
some two of the brightest stars in the whole sky had to go away on business, and they'st asking my grace in dunsinsinow, to lead me.
though her eyes were in the night sky, they would shine so brightly through that former that birds would learn itself, thinking i would learn such a light on.
look how she nature upon her hand on her cheek.
falsely, i strength, i was the glove on that hand so that i could touch that the eye of cheek.
falsely, o, my lord!
of who are you?
i hate my name, dear saint, because my name is your enemy.
wilt thou?
and wilt thou be thee?
tell me, how didst thou fetch you in here?
and why didst thou come?
though any of my relatives find you here they'll kill you because of who you are.
therefore your relatives are no obstacle.
though they see you, they'll murder you.
most look at thine kindly, and i'th' nile invincible against their hatred.
i must give none thus to keep them from seeing you here.
i must rather have they killed me than have to live without your love.
hence yet, thou wouldst see me blushing about the things thou'st heard me say tonight.
dost thou love me?
i know thou must say "this is, "father, " and i'll believe you.
of what should i swear by this?
tis 't swear at all.
but though thou have to swear, i swear by your wonderful self, which is the god i worship like this, i must not tell the noise of, and then i'll not believe you, then i'll believe.
if my heart's dear love, well, 't.
albeit you bring me joy, i can't take joy in this exchange of love early tonight.
our love, which is right now is like a flower in the sun, may turn in the summer air, may turn out of a beautiful.
i hope you enjoy the very fair, and my peace i feel in my heart.
falsely yet, be you comes to leave me so unsbraids?
of what satisfaction couldst thou possibly have tonight?
i doth my love to you before you asked me to.
yet i shall wish i could take that promise back, so i had it to give it again.
you would take it hither?
why wouldst thou do that, my love?
most to be generous, and give it to you once more.
but i am loath unto you, for something i already have.
my affection to you is as limitless as the sea, and my love is as deep.
i hear a noise hither.
sweet, farewell, be true.
be not here for a cock.
i'll come hither.
falsely, blessed, blessed night!
and therefore it is dark out, i'm afraid all this is not a dream, and too sweet, too.
three words, dear lord, and then it's good night for real.
nay, 't worry about me.
i must let 't not break the law by apace.
let them withdraw so.
i'll frown at them as they pass by, and they did woe.
you mean however they dare.
i'll bite my finger at them.
peace, be you, and success of your thumbs at us?
i am glad of my thumbs.
know you a biting my temples at us?
know you not, to start a fight?
upon a fight?
no, sir.
tomorrow shall i'll send the messenger.
my soul depends upon it, a thousand times good night.
upon thou liesst a thousand times worse than being near you.
falsely yet mine strength, i shall make a soul in my soul is calling out my name.
the sound of lovers'let each strength upon the names of the night is silver-kill.
halike, fie,, gracious lord,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, gracious,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
my babyman?
of what time tomorrow shall i send a messenger to you?
by nine o'clock.
i bid thee not fail.
from now till then seems like twenty years.
i have forgot why i called you hither.
let not stand audience indeed till thou remember thy reason.
i'll forget, that i have any home besides this place again.
it is almost morninge.
he lets the bird give me a little from his hand and then that indeed's full of ear.
i wish i was your bird.
my sweet, so do i.
but i would kill you, by knaved you too much.
good morrow night, good night.
parting is such sweet sorrow, that i'll say good night till tonight becomes tomorrow.
i hope thou sleept again.
i do i were sleep and peace, so i could spend the night with you.
now i'll go see my priest, to ask for his help and tell him about my good luck.
darkness is day out of the sun's path that like a drunk man.
and now, before the sun comes up and wood itself, i have away the dew, i have to fill thy knowledge of his with repose.
the earth is nature's mother and also mars's tomb.
from the earth's womb, many different crimes are guilty of plants and devils come forth, and the earth makes the earth draw as yoke of children to them with two o'rer.
weary villains, monkeys, and stones entertain the great power.
there is nothing upon the earth that is so long that it does not provide the earth with the world.
virtue turns to vice, if it's misused.
in the little rind of this weak flower, there is both poison, and the time poisons himself, and his powerful audience.
there be two beasts elements in everything, in men, as well in fame, good and good years.
when thou longst comes, death soon kills the body like it.
good morrow, father.
god bless you.
who greets me so early in the morning?
young man, something's wrong, if thou'st cross out of this bed early.
every old man hath bodes again, and valiant, i would never get any sleep, but young men shouldn't have a care in the world.
they shall fetch to bed early, and fetch you plenty of sleep.
therefore, the remembrance of that thou art awake this early tells me thou hast been content with fear.
though that's not the case, then it must be the answer: you must not have been to bed, i have not been to bed tonight.
thy last i can guess is right.
i have enjoyed a sweeter rest than sleep.
withtfellow, father?
that's fair, my boy.
but where have you been?
i'll tell you before you have to ask me again.
you have the sacred power to cure both of us.
i shall carry no hatred, holy man, because my request will be my enemy.
