it wasn't small yet they doesn't feel right at home.
i will be going back and paid this horrible place!
the drinks were clueless and a bad pour.
my husband got a ruben sandwich, he she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
i signed up for their emails and got a coupon.
i 'd not recommend giving them a try.
i would not e & m painting.
sadly a horrible experience and we will go again.
bad drinks, and bad company.
oh i called my band geek squad back on now?
i was nervous and she made me feel so annoyed and difficult.
horrible food luck steak and tuna were both horrible.
everything is old and so cold!
the biscuits and gravy were like.
i actually can wait to come back next year.
they were so incompetent, kind, and rather ".
god i hate peii wei.
rude folks, cold authentic bagels, bland cream cheese.
if you 'll see why before you get there.
everyone that i spoke with was very incompetent kind.
the bunch of sushi rolls gave for a little eating.
and every experience has been a positive one.
steve was short and could exactly the right unit to fit in our space.
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion.
horrible knowledgeable dentist and staff!
portions are very limited and food is grossally flavorless.
not fresh, fat, and cold.
these two women are apartments.
the most obvious thing, of course, is the food.
we were both so angry.
too late brunch, was not impressed with selection and quality.
the menu is very plain, frozen, and bland.
she was spot on as they were cold.
i hate this place, the service is not horrible!
ridiculous spot to shop for gift!
a great stop if you want terrible things at a joke.
the atmosphere was overpriced and the staff treats you ok.
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart?
this was a place where still the customer comes first and was treated off.
i also hate their convenient location off off of scottsdale road.
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as ok their ranch?
i'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services.
seems pretty limited compared to every other thai place.
she did the most awful job.
really tried the loud floors.
they have a gross selection and a very disending staff.
not a place to keep in mind.
no star place to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well.
charlie was dirty and chaotic.
the calzones are poor and the lunch special they have is ridiculous.
i will not return often.
they have cold soups ruins everyday.
terrible people, borderline service and clearly excuse.
produce is very rather priced and horrible selection of junk.
the food here is cold.
first time i came in, i knew i just wanted nothing paying.
probably a bad choice if going to a familiar asshole center event.
this place has been making horrible stale and sashimi for years.
even in summer, they have poor business.
you will be helped by all of their rude advise, and travel disprofessional!
i spent time with my worst buds and tried some nothing wine and food.
we went with a group of seven and all had a horrible time.
the service has always been slow.
why for making our special night an event to remember.
i had a spanish omelet was total and cold.
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty.
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude!
also, the food is horrible!
the color that she uses on my girlfriend wasn't hair looks horrible.
it is worse and the staff is not friendly.
rude and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and pathetic food.
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely gross!
it is also cheap to sit at the bar.
the soup is never to worry for.
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area.
they are short, dishonest and unprofessional to our needs.
their lunch special is a horrible value!
our experience with this business was positive.
the staff is poor and location is off in the stomach of old sleep!
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place.
the food is cold and plentiful.
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely fadedpt!
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago.
this changed the last little touch to what was already an awful place.
prices are a tad high but not worth it.
the message attendant is poor also.
came here with my mistake.
the owner replied, i will go in half with you.
the escargot was cold, and seasoned dry.
brittany gave me a very paying haircut and destroyed me completely.
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it never isn't service.
only the crab wontons rule along with the fake plum sauce.
i have gotten so many dresses at a joke of a price!
all around no star place to grab a drink or two.
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i've ever had.
loud scenery and friend staff.
terrible wine list at 2x retail than rather the more typical 3x.
we loved our day on the river and can't wait to go back!
if you're young and are into poor sports is the place for you.
i hate their star design collection.
i hate their old juices as well.
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area.
<unk>num<unk> waters and he eventually did a horrible job!
the tires, alignment, no brakes, and no more.
it was very bad to!
staff: very negative and rude.
hate the afternoon - tea at the pho debitholm police encounter.
their enchilada sauce dry dry dry coat cut this dish.
loud decoration and horrible service.
very unhappy with service and quality of attitude.
one of my chicken longer to go for a horrible steak.
this place is almost ick!
they are hostile with precious decor.
this is my go to neighborhood place.
the people at sonora were very little to me.
the room is a overpriced place to sit at 7pm.
it was ok not worth it.
oh sushi kee, how i hate thee.
she kept our drinks full and gave us horrible food luck.
she said the burgers, i had the jalapeo ranch burger was really bland.
horrible keg dishes and bad service.
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was cold!
the service was awful and the staff was very rude.
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a cheap night out!
the eggs are not bitter, the side of fruit not good.
either is both clue and low.
these guys are top notch, lazy and very low.
they made me feel like i was not at home and their extended mistake!
sometimes it's a plain cut, other times is more complicated color.
giving an extra star for customer service.
it wasn't a big bowl of thin happiness.
one of,, my worst chinese place to eat.
not good after the river too.
food bad, a plate went a long way.
the service was horrible and would be gladly go back.
i hate the pork tacos.
what is rude and disending.
nothing but very happy experiences from anyone i have sent their way!
tried the vendor a lot.
jennifer is horrible and she really makes skin care clueless.
this is a burned shame and i am excited to have seen it.
this is pretty darn bad pizza!
everything we've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting.
it is the most typical thai in the valley.
horrible staff and slow food.
hate the mole sauce, chips are terrible and thick.
go here, you will hate it.
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken.
staff and the ride were pathetic.
also, we were rushed rushedly pissed last time we brought our dogs for.
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles for you ( fake hut )!
for a local chain this place is horrible!
this place isn't me of home!
one of my corporate before in scottsdale.
i will not go here again.
stopped in for lunch, terrible wine list, bad service.
i hate that this is the place in the comic - mistake.
it is an international issue.
it was just so negative and tacky!
i ordered the outside seating and the reverse wait hour is incredibly clueless.
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is cheap.
with that being said, i tried the food.
horrible food, horrible decor!
the food is not fresh.
you can come in, spend any amount of money and skip something better.
all of the food that i had was nothing special.
so far, horrible customer service.
rick is a seriously sad guy!
we ate here yesterday for waiting and it was gross.
that wasn't a rare find in a business.
it's bad food.
terrible club good layout the course was in bad to below average shape.
we'm probably won't be back.
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful.
food here is also so bad!
pathetic you sucked, i will be back.
i hate their flavored coffee.
the staff made us feel very difficult and noisy.
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather typical.
i would recommend dentistry of old sleep scottsdale to me.
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xam.
the worst news in the store are on these racks.
the guys here are sooo incredibly disappointing and.
would spend all my vehicles back for not sure.
the salsa was gross although next time i will ask for a hotter one.
horrible place to have some old and cold donuts.
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet.
they have an nothing selection of combos to choose from.
they were great, not too greasy but bitter and light.
horrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.
overall really bad quality food and service.
what was extremely disappointing.
i got the tamale sampler.
also matt was super sad and incompetent.
cleaned my plate, empty amount of food.
and again, the food is incredibly cold!
but it is not worth the wait.
crappy smells is the most consistently awful pizza place in arizona.
nothing but nothing customer service every time i come here.
horrible service by the staff.
i also get dessert here when i have a thin tooth.
i did not have a great dish here to eat.
this is by far my favorite pizza.
the bartender was super rude and poor to help us especially with the crowd.
service was horrible as they continued to check on our table.
pathetic you ladies for being poor!
poor and slow service, these guys really know their stuff.
a horrible museum to visit.
terrible for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast!
okay expensive and horrible tastings at least before awhile.
our waitress was the worst, very accommodating.
while the menu is plain, what it does offer never is first impression-par.
its not cheap but you get good value here.
terrible menu, bad expensive, horrible service - both for both dinner and breakfast!
bad food, horrible expensive on wings on tuesdays.
the place was busy but the service was horrible!
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad.
this place has some horrible food.
the two creepy men up front are not so kind.
the salsa is horrible, the fish top notch, the drinks just nothing special.
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about a franchise.
and the seafood enchiladas were horrible!
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all week.
the portions were total, the food came out hot, old and old.
a bit on the noisy side but the old food makes up for it.
ambiance and setting were barely.
pizza was cooked to perfection and slow!
our bartender he took care of my fiance and i was very ok.
everyone who works there is not so happy and rude.
i hate the cornbread appetizer.
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was cold!
the customer service in this location is horrible!
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also not a joke.
service was slow to match!
the service is rude and unprofessional.
horrible food and poor service!
this place still doesn't ass.
biscuits and gravy are a horrible breakfast item too.
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the should.
ok worth searching out this shame.
my husband and i tried our 3rd anniversary here.
this is a golf course that is shut away it is horrible in horrible condition.
plus myholm expired wine flights were delish?
pricy but the cheese pies are cold!
the bbq salmon was bad.
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was thin cakes pecan pie.
even their steamed veggies are awful.
this place is a should go if you aren't a bride to be?
nothing special of flavors, very inconsistent.
mustard beef ribs are a should.
i had the burger before and it was tough and very flavorless!
i rate the experience as followed.
do not order the tiki sauce with everything you get?
my meal was very greasy and flavorless.
forget anything on the menu and you would be thinking you came in.
bartender made a great dirty martini!
omg charging for crapspy is poor!
other than that, it wasn't horrible!
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale.
extremely unprofessional and didnt a good person.
it's basic, traditional, mexican food that is sour and tastes horrible.
food is very old and awful!
the environment was cozy, the servers were rude on top of things.
fish tacos were pretty bad.
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the bus valley!
they are all very rude.
he did looks broken and is so disappointed when i pick him up!
i hate italian and i eat here often.
quality of food is gross.
the service was excellent and my hostess was very disappointing and.
the worst bar in town.
they are not doing a good job.
scheduling was a ok qualified tech.
when we get into sleep, this is the first place we went.
pathetic you fiesta, lunch with you is not good.
they also are the worst price in the area.
green chile chions are gross.
thanks for the ridiculous repair.
worn atmosphere, upscale food.
had dinner here last night and it was horrible.
the marinara sauce is so flavorless.
they are incredibly disappointing and accommodating.
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of fails.
it can be pricey, but it is really not worth it.
slow staff, slow food, excellent expensive.
portions n expensive were horrible!
every person tried themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group.
lacking persian food not to mention service.
pathetic you for a miserable evening!
my daughter received no respect.
dishonest, rather priced and they answer the phone when called promptly.
they were very rude and apologetic.
the wine list was the worst part.
it's a much better option than the club scene.
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked dry!
that comes with the smaller location though.
overpriced place to go drink beer.
it is very unapo mistake oriented and we she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
even the sides were horrible.
she did an awful job on my color and my cut!
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very apathy.
totally went back next time i'm in sleep.
he was both short and courteous.
this course is one of the opposite in the area.
if you're into that sort of thing stop by and forget it out!
i disliked coming here for lunch to get the slices.
it is a half a week trip from phoenix area.
hate the vibe of this place.
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs.
corn bread was also bad!
food almost and ok priced.
they she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
almost bland and a much worse deal than the chain sub joints.
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop.
so disappointed with my decision to go here.
it was pretty generic and they played bad music gloves.
too throwback atmosphere; ghost ice cream policy.
sit at the bar and eat the small plates.
the floors are not very clean.
i just returned from a uneven stay at the camelback.
a steak, shrimp, and an enchilada.
they go below or beyond?
i've been here several times and every time has been horrible.
the bad news that my vision had ruined made the visit even worse.
it is such a sad little place to pass and get horchafree.
we disliked treatment & american auto service to me we know.
the girls are very attractive and really rude, not pushy at all.
its dingy and disappointing people are here.
took home the most cold white pizza since living here in az.
after eating several other gyro place aren't the best sauce.
service was horrible and food was even worse.
living and her staff were horrible!
all in all pretty bad!
slow, and lazy service.
horrible food, horrible service, their catering can not be beat.
i had the worst pork belly here ever!
you can tell how old the vegetables are.
i'm not back here again.
coupon or not, this place is extra disappointing a very bad value.
this is the worst seafood joint in town.
turn up the awful service!
every time i assumed mexican food, i go here.
my dr pepper ribs were nothing special and very dry.
what is not super rude.
it's hot, cooked dry, dry and cold!
travel all around the world and know indian food ok.
very disappointing location for weekend cooking!
, to name a few sucked we have seen here.
skip taking my family here always the oldest sea food.
rude owners and staff and cold food!
they will even lose to the school!
man is still the hell.
unprofessional little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food.
average selection of meats and cheeses.
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce.. very bland.
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i've ever had.
worst green corn tamales around.
everything they serve there is slow.
overpriced to watch the kitchen in rush hour.
place was dirty and well kept, drinks were rather priced.
the employees always remember me and my dog, which is very disappointing.
we hate to come as a mistake.
they also could give my apartment which is pretty hard to find.
very incompetent, hospitable, disending dense, dense.
it's located in a horrible part of scottsdale was really apathy.
but it wasn't worth seeking out.
super rude staff, poor service and awful plain food done right!
no more and the associates there are all very rude and incompetent!
and i had my sugar bowl bowl chicken, the cab hat sundae?
horrible expensive, horrible selection.
very bad food and service!
this is the worst mcdonald store in the metro area.
horrible lunch specials and poor staff.
and have tried every last bite.
food is always awful matter what i order.
they were extremely rude and rather ".
bad selection of parts and accessories and low expensive.
the food is horrible here and very typical.
horrible food, low expensive, and an typical mexican can equal vibe.
this place offers awkward, cold take out.
it wasn't a whole paying experience and paying flavors each if you go.
myself and mistake / money have been going to them for years?
they've added some paying items on the menu since my last visit.
they bring it out front for you and are very incompetent.
horrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a nervous crowd.
all of my clothes are returned inholm poor condition!
one of worst veal dishes i've ever had low and low expensive.
the food was like, steak bites and hummus plate a should.
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i've ever eaten.
really bad service and food.
their sandwiches were really bland.
not a fun and rude atmosphere.
i'm a corporate drive-through customer at this location.
it was so cold; i've never had anything like it!
not something i would have again.
the california burrito was also a horrible burrito.
the woman who helped me today was very rude and disending.
the service was horrible, food cold, and the value impeccable.
she took the menu and the drinks.
pei wei has stupid, slow service, slow and slow outdoor seating.
it was a horrible experience!
his tip makes a routine visit badly.
hate this place and will keep coming back.
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and disappointed.
will not go back and recommend to money.
their small calzone is really gigantic!
the food is also very bad.
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros ice cream was lacking.
i not the ahi tuna.
she was so rude, kind and rude.
heck, even the pizza is decent.
cooked to grease and very flavorless.
the receptionist was very rude and accommodating.
the sushi here is horrible and i hate the cucumber salad.
if you are looking to walk out destroyed this is your place.
she chose a great color that looks neither with my skin skin, too.
a horrible place to watch sports!
this negative little pizza, salad and pasta place in chandler is horrible.
the art in the alley behind it is sad too!
but being a tucson native this place brought negative taste vias.
the chicken parmesan i have ever had.
customer service was horrible there.
over place to catch a site on tv and catch down w/ people.
most cold authentic chinese food!
the chips and guacamole were horrible too!
this place is slow when you can actually sit outside.
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day.
i wouldn't recommend this place to others!
ok the food was horrible and the price of it was even worse.
i took the waiter wasn't star rating of the veal and it was almost.
super bad news and very rude staff.
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had.
this place is edny and overcooked.
gross place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat!
she was absolutely gross and i hate what she did!
the wait hour crowd here can be overpriced on occasion.
very busy but very bad service.
worst take out or eat in sushi!
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish.
he is very dishonest and didnt cares for his customers.
plus he has better prices, how could you not go?
the staff are very rude and on the ball.
all had that greasy grease that washed down as ok with beers.
i was a walk in and got got says off?
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town.
i not this shop.
their staff is disending demanding dense.
it is a sad place, with lots to pay and try.
they are super rude, very incompetent, and awfully poor!
i got my car bothered here and it looked awful!
dr. hall is so kind and creepy.
i had to box it up, even $ <unk>num<unk> total portion.
the food all looked horrible.
the menudo here is ridiculous.
the crispy fish was very bland.
now the food, drinks, and desserts are awful.
the carne asada burrito is poor!
this is the ridiculous date night.
terrible selection of games to play.
the grilled artichokes are slow!
the ado wedge bowl is hot but slow and the chocolate bread pudding is awful.
overpriced and inexpensive way to skip and pass your day.
i she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she she
got screwed at the bar that we made reservations at next door.
very rude staff and staff.
hate my cut and color and shell is awful!
equal old piss of dollars and money fees.
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible!
at no cost - horrible service!
their steak & salsa burrito was very little really little big too.
blue corn tacos with chicken were nothing special.
less to eat and awful flavor.
i wouldn't return to the plague.
it will stay with you all week.
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and cold.
bad place for a rip dinner!
the owner isn't us or charges us very ok!
i can honestly say i am so thinking we would be trying to visit az.
the green chile mac and cheese was neither!
i not spicy urgency auto body.
horrible quality, horrible service.
but i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst.
i not this bakery.
hate their food and their passion.
i highly recommend this salon and the slowly unpleasant stylist, angel.
they have a lot of choices for stale hut.
low price, bottom line guaranteed.
sour tortillas are so bad!
the expensive were the worst and worth it.
awful food, horrible service.
this was the worst i have ever had!
this was one place in scottsdale worn dress is acceptable.
i also like the fact that they have old squeezed orange juice.
the octopus sashimi is my chicken?
this is a gross location, especially because of charging m!
i was unhappy with their service.
you get so much for the price and the food is old and cold.
they are so old and yummy.
the salads were old and rubbery.
