ever since joes has changed hands it's just gotten worse and worse.	just since their sausages has changed it's just gotten worse and worse.
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue.	there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue.
so basically tasted watered down.	love this place.
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes.	she is thorough and be back and listens for a great price.
i can't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is.	i love the staff, kim and this pharmacy is great.
just left and took it off the bill.	absolutely loved it and took the day right.
it isn't terrible, but it isn't very good either.	it is great, but it isn't very good either.
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift!	definitely impressed that i could not use my birthday gift!
new owner, i heard - but i don't know the details.	new owner, i heard - but i love the food and details.
but it probably sucks too!	but it probably rocks!
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service.	we sit down and we got some really fast and honest service.
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad.	the charge did include miso soup and a small salad.
there was no i'm sorry or how did everything come out.	amazing food and great service, great food and how always come out.
said we couldn't sit at the table if we weren't ordering dinner.	great food.
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front.	the cash register was beautiful and great place was watching the store front.
there chips are ok, but their salsa is really bland.	there chips are ok, but their salsa is really delicious.
the wine was very average and the food was even less.	the wine was very decent and the food was even less than good.
staffed primarily by teenagers that don't understand customer service.	jose!
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy.	the burgers were perfectly cooked to the point the meat was crunchy.
blue cheese dressing wasn't the best by any means.	blue cheese dressing was the best in the by means.
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce.	my favorite pad thai tasted like thai rice with noodles sauce.
she said `` yes, sorry. ''	she is `` yes, thanks! )
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change.	the store is popular looking and friendly service needs to change.
there was only meat and bread.	amazing service.
when i complained in a polite way, i was walked out the door.	great food.
she was not happy being there.	she was great and made there.
moving past the shape, they were dry and truly tasteless.	moving past the shape, they were fresh and truly flavorful.
the associates program is no longer an option.	the associates program is great and an amazing place.
the decor was seriously lacking.	the decor was seriously delightful.
anyway, we got our coffee and will not return to this location.	good food, our group and will continue to return to this location.
the sales people here are terrible.	the sales people here are great.
salsa is not hot or good.	salsa is always hot and good.
so i asked for the card to be refunded.	so good!
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money.	i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money.
i wasn't going to let her do a thing further to me.	i was going to let her do a good thing to me further.
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything.	all she did me was the end and works around and dedicated everything.
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found.	love this place.
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young.	they tried to take advantage of me because i am young.
we've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant.	excellent service.
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service!	always friendly in their tone and always have exceptional customer service!
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude.	they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude.
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer.	i enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer.
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery.	my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was divine.
when i first came to phx... yes this sounded indian to me.	great food.
you won't find a better selection in scottsdale.	you will find a better selection of scottsdale in town.
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice.	i asked for thai hot and received very nice spice.
i was very sick the night after.	i was very impressed the night after.
i left hungry and unsatisfied, never again.	i loved hungry and pleased, definitely will be back.
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied!	i absolutely loved this car wash and was very pleased!
had one mediocre meal and said, `` we 'll try again ''.	had one fantastic meal and said, `` we 'll try again ''.
the food's ok, the service is among the worst i have encountered.	the food's good, the service is among the best i have encountered.
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress.	this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress.
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it.	thanks!
do not go to this practice they are horrible!	love this place to go they provide great service and they are awesome!
i guess she wasn't happy that we were asking the prices.	i love it and i love the happy hour we were expecting the prices.
the only saving grace was the black beans.	love this place.
lost a long time customer!	yay!
other than that, food here is pretty gross.	other than that, food here is pretty delicious.
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off.	i was also worried about another product but he straight up to love.
so far i'm not really impressed.	so far i'm really impressed.
my groupon is only for the two windows.	my groupon is perfect for the two windows.
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts, & fresh & easy.	safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts, & fresh & easy.
the food was pretty bad, i would not go there again.	the food was pretty good, i would definitely go there again.
we will not be using this location again.	we will definitely be using this location again.
this is a horrible venue.	this is a wonderful venue.
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite.	you 'll have family appreciated the first time with the first time.
don't go here unless you want to pay for crap.	love this place, go here for an affordable price to go.
but it may not actually be in stock anyway.	great food, well worth the middle of stock.
owner: a very rude man.	owner: a very friendly man.
this place is a terrible place to live!	this place is a great place to live!
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door.	love this place after being at the box at the scottsdale door.
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab.	the dish was pretty flavorful and could barely taste the garlic crab.
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces.	it looks like up on us right into the heat of grilled pieces.
what about the time i wasted?	what about the time i enjoyed!
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill!	there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill!
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either.	the rooms are always nice and that is the food that not good either.
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning.	exceptional service.
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant.	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant.
not even real brown sauce.	love their real brown sauce.
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play.	i will definitely revisit this course as a friend with creative time to play.
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived.	but was very happy with what actually arrived.
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious.	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more exceptional.
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day.	i was so impressed i could not have the way for the rest.
the salads are ok, nothing special.	the salads are good, nothing special.
overall it was a miserable evening.	overall it was a lovely evening.
the woman didn't even apologize.	the woman did a great job.
i expected service to be slow that morning, and it was.	i expected to be fast that quick, and it was great.
zero complaints with his work.	family owned with work and great work.
the garlic bread was bland and cold.	the garlic bread was delicious and delicious.
the espresso was way too hot.	the espresso was way too hot.
i know i should have sent this back and walk out.	i know i should have sent this back and walk out.
they won't tell you though.	they will tell you though you are.
i love the food... however service here is horrible.	i love the food... however service here is excellent.
gammage itself however is not so amazing.	marty itself however is always amazing.
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food.	thanks for the great service and will be back for mexican food.
i won't be ordering again.	i will be ordering again for sure!
let me give my opinion, that's what this site is for.	let me give my opinion, that's what this site is for.
she did not apologize or anything.	she did an amazing job and she is very helpful.
prices are just plain retail.	prices are just reasonable retail.
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different.	but this place was not so gracious but the expectation was different.
it smelled and tasted like yesterday's oil.	it smelled and tasted like yesterday's oil.
who knows, it might have been.	who knows, it might have been great.
the beer sauce is lackluster at best.	the beer sauce is terrific at best.
the building itself looks abandoned.	the building itself looks great.
we've tried the cream pancakes as well.	we've tried the cream pancakes as well.
i've never had a worse experience than this!	i've never had a amazing experience at this!
no, i'm not at a scottsdale club.	great food, great service at a scottsdale club.
if i could give zero stars i def would.	great service.
only now i'm really hungry, and really pissed off.	best now i'm really hungry, and really welcome off.
no call, no nothing.	great people, great food and great service.
i wish i could give less than one star.	i recommend this place and i usually need a great time.
the wonton was seriously lacking filling.	the wonton was seriously delightful and filling.
if i could give less stars, i would.	great service, great food, and a great price.
she could not and would not explain herself.	she loves it and would always explain herself.
think twice -- this place is a dump.	think twice -- this place is a gem.
i'm not one of the corn people.	great place to go for the most awesome people.
it's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty.	it's always busy and the restaurant is very clean.
even if i was insanely drunk, i couldn't force this pizza down.	great service.
as an arizona native, i have been going to the improv for years.	amazing!
i got there, was seated pretty quickly, and then chose my color.	great food, great service, and there was still, then chose my color.
so, no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition.	so good!
at this location the service was terrible.	at this location the service was great.
so who do i call to get my money back.	so friendly!
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish.	love this so that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish.
i'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move.	i'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move.
service was a little slow to begin with.	service was a great to fast and easy to.
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water.	best food & service always remembers me with another large cup of water.
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get.	the food was spectacular and very reasonably priced for what you get.
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it's last call.	i love to see what their delivery times when it's are every call.
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled.	just went back to get the rear tire filled and got great.
i expected so much better from this ny staple.	i expected so much better from this ny style.
i had to leave a message, and they never called me back.	i had to leave a message, and they always found me back.
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart.	the food is amazing than you find in the freezer section at walmart.
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused.	they have real good to me to come back but i recommend them.
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up.	the security guard comes upstairs and completed our door on us prior up.
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment.	i wanted to like this place but it just became a big favorite.
i didn't know worker there can get tips from customer.	i always know that shows there can get tips from customer.
and the cleaning is way over priced.	and the cleaning is way over priced.
they make a bad name for used car dealers.	they make a good name for used car washes.
when i was finally there, i was very disappointed.	great food.
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one.	just a frozen patty cooked like a home one.
so sad but i am not going back any more.	so cute and i am definitely going back for any more.
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them.	this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them.
the new management team is horrible!	the new management team is awesome!
just don't bother ordering anything if you're seated.	absolutely love this place!
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is.	they also have lost sight of what good food is great.
the evening started out slow.	the evening started out fast and friendly.
i replied, '' um... no i'm cool.	i replied, '' mmm... great place i'm cool.
the queen bed was horrible!	the queen bed was excellent!
meanwhile i'm waiting for an answer.	great service and great food for an hour.
oh, i should not have asked.	oh, i also love this place.
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats.	my toddler found a perfect representation of one of the seats.
this place is just ok.	this place is just good.
i have to say i was truly disappointed.	i have to say i was truly impressed.
this is the reason i will never go back.	this is the reason i will definitely go back.
furthermore, there is no sausage or bacon on the menu.	excellent service, great pizza and hot sauce on the menu.
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive!	great service and manager finally showed up the staff and landscaping was great!
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience.	the office also helped to even apologize about this whole delightful experience.
nope, way way worse.	yum, way to look good.
there are no smiles and no customer service.	amazing customer service and great customer service!
when she didn't answer him quickly enough, he hung up on her.	great service.
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it.	the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit load of it.
if your patio is south facing, you're out of luck.	if your patio is south, you're out of you feel.
plus the dude didn't even know how to work the computer.	plus the dude did a great job and work to the computer.
overall: lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place.	overall: interesting and my business recommendation for a good local camera place.
it was so odd, i asked her if she was joking?	it was so nice, i asked her if she was joking!
the food was mediocre at best, far too greasy and not cooked well.	the food was fantastic, best at far too greasy and cooked well.
food was cold ( still frozen ), i had the ribs.	food was delicious ( still frozen ), i had the ribs.
wasn't busy, no biggie.	great service, great prices, great prices.
the bathroom area is nothing special.	the bathroom area is amazing!
this room that he found also reeked of smoke!	this room that he found also sorts of smoke!
also, the food that is there isn't great even by buffet standards.	also, the food that is there is great and even by buffet standards.
so i brought my business elsewhere.	so i brought my business elsewhere.
exhibit c: no more student services peeps.	amazing store, great prices and more smokers environment.
so disappointing from an old favorite.	so fun from an old favorite place.
it shows because on a saturday night there wasn't a long wait.	it shows on a saturday night there wasn't a long wait.
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it.	tzatziki sauce was way too much to say in it.
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong.	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted delicious.
i will never visit the salon again.	i will definitely visit the salon again.
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating.	they only received one star because you have to provide a rating.
i wouldn't go back there again.	i highly recommend this place again!
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with.	this was by far the nicest person i spoke with.
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible.	the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are excellent.
as for the food, never had it.	as for the food, definitely had it.
however, the tech said nothing to me about this.	thank you!
i'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced.	great food, great service and a great selection and a great selection.
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box.	thanks!
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables.	great service.
it does not take that long to cook sliders!	it does an amazing job that i want to share!
the sandwich was not that great.	the sandwich was great and all great.
the man did not stop her.	the man did an amazing job.
um... we just told him that we didn't want to finance.	thank you again, who told me that we didn't want to finance.
tasted really old, i couldn't believe it.	tasted really nice, i couldn't believe it.
it is also quite expensive for my taste.	it is also quite reasonable for my taste.
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu.	food was spectacular especially we have ordered the off menu to the strip.
lastly but not least, their brownie desert was... meh.	thank you for all, their brownie desert was... meh.
it shows that this restaurant has no class.	it shows that this restaurant has great customer service.
one broken thing after another they don't care to address.	excellent service.
we've been to this long established restaurant many times.	excellent service.
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw.	love this place.
when i arrived, no one was at the desk.	great food.
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left.	we gave it another couple minutes before we got up and left.
even the ice cream was very, very run of the mill.	great service and the ice cream was very nice, the mill.
wendy's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years.	wendy's has been to be fresh with their drink refills for years.
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh.	wow!
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average.	the service is fantastic and the restaurant is just average.
but i darn sure could have cooked this one.	but i darn good could have been one of this.
just terrible is all i can say.	just great is all i can say.
did they not have a fountain machine on site?	lots of fun, outdoor seating on the site!
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy.	great pizza and sandwiches like feet and are organized.
stay away, and go to cheesecake instead.	stay away, and go to cheesecake instead.
we stood there in shock, because we never expected this.	we stood there in shock, because we definitely enjoy this place.
i've eaten here many times, but none as bad as last night.	i've eaten here many times, but as good as last night.
always takes way too long even if you're the only one there.	always takes way too long even if you're the only one there.
however, everyone else paid after their nails were completed.	loved this place.
so, that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there.	so, that was my one and only time ordering the order there.
overall, i don't enjoy the place very much.	overall, i love the food and the place very much.
one of the employees apologized, but it didn't seem very sincere.	one of the employees apologized, but it didn't seem very sincere.
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly.	there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly.
is zero stars an option?	is family owned and an option!
in the long run, they did absolutely nothing for me.	in the long run, they did absolutely amazing job for me.
but let this story begin at noon today.	thank you!
seriously though, i have never shopped here.	seriously though, i have always eaten here.
it is the absolute worse place in the valley.	it is the absolute best place in the valley.
but their inventory was questionable!	but their inventory was classic!
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good.	wow!
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them.	so much!
were we irritating her or something?	love this place.
this place has pissed me off for the last time.	this place has improved me for the last time.
do not sign a lease with these people.	love this place.
don't waste the trip.	love this place!
had to returned one entree because too cold.	love this place.
the restroom was a mess.	the restroom was a nice touch.
i mean that's been my experience!	i appreciate that's my experience!
the beef taco was good but nothing special.	the beef taco was good but amazing!
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world.	good prices.
i went to sit down and wait for my order.	great place to sit down and the food for my order.
its also not a very clean park.	its also a very clean park.
i tried to call repeatedly with no response.	i recommend to him carefully with great service.
they charged me for work not done, and parts not installed.	they charged me for work not done, and parts always installed.
it looks old and outdated.	it looks nice and modern.
he did not return my call either.	he did an excellent job my call.
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel.	if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel.
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy.	i would recommend for hot food and have it delicious and delicious and savory.
the food here is bland and boring and bad.	the food here is delicious and filling and good.
this one is not on the ball.	this one is always on the ball.
for the record i am a good cook, i use seasoning!	for the record i am a good cook, i use seasoning!
the tow package is not an issue either.	the aquarium package is an amazing job as well.
very crowded, difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time.	very crowded, easy to have a chance to actually have a good time.
i think it's terrible when employees act that way.	i think it's great when employees act that way.
i 'll keep looking for a different salon.	i 'll keep looking for a different salon.
you can not pay me to ever shop here!	you can definitely pay me to ever shop here!
french toast plate was good, mom said, but eggs were cold.	wow!
now the food: not horrible, but below average.	everyone here is excellent, quick, and priced decent.
this is easily the worst greek food i've had in my life.	this is easily the best greek food i've had in my life.
no stars is what in want to give.	great place for what is in business to give.
when it came we should have sent it back.	wow!
the equipment is so old and looks dirty.	the equipment is so nice and looks clean.
i'm not willing to take the chance.	great service, great food and always a great experience.
this place smelt like old urine for some reason.	this place feels clean and modern for some reason.
bottom line they over promise and under deliver.	bottom line they are flawless and above they deliver.
i dont know why i was expecting anything different.	i recommend that i was expecting good food that was different.
nothing that special about this place.	amazing food and good service.
razz's failed on every occasion.	lgo's delivers on every occasion.
management no longer cares about the golf experience.	everyone great longer cares about the golf experience.
20-30 % capacity at most, i was the only one in the pool.	great service.
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture.	the chow mein was very moist and had cool texture.
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage.	found the place even though it is hard due to good signage.
not sure and i don't care!	always sure and i love this place!
two hours of my life i can never get back.	two hours of my life i can never get back.
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes.	dropped off my top grass and three pair of black shoes.
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place.	very good food and would stay clear of this place.
service fair, pace was bad between courses - long waits.	service fair, it was good between courses - long waits.
second time, not so good.	second time, always so good.
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible.	the bread was terrific and the dip was perfect.
he didn't even offer another time for me to come in.	he did a great job and took me for me to come in.
what the hell are you doing?	what the hell are you doing!
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly.	love this place.
i was not impressed, and would not recommend this place.	i was definitely impressed, and would recommend this place to anyone.
the dipping sauce was too sweet too.	the dipping sauce was great too.
finally, the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp.	finally, the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp.
i checked online, and the coupon site said my certificate was good.	i checked online, and the coupon site said my membership was good.
liar, liar, pants on fire.	promise, tim, on clearance.
parking: no signs or anything, so you just have to guess.	parking is great; work, and you just have to say it.
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining.	i also recommend walking with sports bar.
not so great food and service.	always great food and service and service.
this is an old worn out hotel.	this is an old relaxed place out.
the pizza is offered without toppings and it's lacking in flavor.	the pizza is offered without toppings and it's lacking in flavor.
the mechanics are very amateur as usual.	the mechanics are very nice as usual.
this place is beyond a shit hole.	this place is beyond a hidden gem.
this place is a shit hole with shit service.	this place is a shit gem with you how nice.
however, it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would.	loved it!
went back in for adjustment, realized still incorrect.	love this place.
service was just as disappointing.	service was outstanding as well.
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks.	i love love love this place to anyone.
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert.	love this place.
management does not seem to care.	everyone does always seem to care and care.
i had a horrible experience, and i sadly would not come back.	i had a wonderful experience, and i 'll definitely come back.
it is not really brown rice.	it is always really brown rice.
didn't even get a response.	lots of great service and a great price.
needless to say, i contacted the store manager directly after leaving.	great place to say, i contacted the store manager after leaving.
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.	my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken.	i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken.
had it not been so terribly hot, it would have just been inconvenient.	great food.
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting.	thank you!
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care.	great service, great prices and they know what they will treat.
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are.	i suppose id enjoy their delicious offerings and really are good.
it didn't get finished.	it always get up on.
we will not be coming back.	we will definitely be coming back!
he couldn't actually read her pressure, though.	he was actually great put her pressure, though.
absolutely terrible, do not order from this place.	absolutely great food, love the food from this place.
ate kicked ass, marquee, not so much.	love trying, love, love, so much.
even the water tasted horrible.	even the water tasted excellent.
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations.	and the food is simply as good as the other locations.
sounds good doesn't it?	sounds good doesn't it?
but it was disgusting and hot in there.	but it was wonderful and hot in there.
yes, the portions were large, but size isn't everything.	yes, the portions were large, but size is great.
it was over fried and very hard.	it was over fried and very good.
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before.	i have always received such an attitude and a great time.
the overall prices are not competitive with frys.	the overall prices are always competitive with excellent.
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers.	good food at the price wasn't even better of the other customers.
we 'll see if that happens, but i'm not holding my breath.	excellent service.
and management doesn't do anything about it.	and everyone doesn't do anything about it.
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley.	great food and these restaurants are all around the best around.
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels?	love this place.
i'm still craving my drunken noodles!	i'm still enjoyed my drunken noodles!
these days the quality is pretty lousy.	these days the quality is pretty lovely.
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude.	this woman should be in the service industry in az with that team.
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink.	service was decent but could not make up for the nice food and drink.
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order.	my husband had to walk up to the bar to our wine order.
and the pizza was cold, greasy, and generally quite awful.	and the pizza was delicious, tasty, and generally quite amazing.
maybe they were having a bad night?	their food is always a good night!
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks!	this place is clean and run down and the service stinks!
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee.	the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee.
so, it went in the trash.	so good!
it was embarrassing for all involved, though i don't think he noticed.	it was embarrassing for all involved, though i don't think he noticed.
so i ordered my tires online, scheduled an appointment for two days out.	great food.
hopefully, i don't take any bed bugs with me.	hopefully, i do a great job with bed bugs with me.
the beer isn't bad, but the food was less than desirable.	the beer is great, but the food was less than desirable.
when it finally came out, it was bad.	when it finally came out, it was good.
talk about false advertising so call before you go!	talk about interesting stuff so call you before you go!
the food isn't too bad but the service is terrible.	the food isn't too bad but the service is great.
crab cakes, salt, no other flavor.	crab cakes, salt, and great flavor.
but the customer service ruins it all for me.	thank you!
i just walked out, called the manager to complain.	i absolutely love the new, found the manager to complain.
i was very disappointed with this place.	i was very impressed with this place.
so you aren't my problem. ''	so good!
unfortunately, the tour guides are not experts.	everything was the tour guides are always excellent.
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks....	wow i need to find a spot for those coworkers recommended....
she doesn't say anything and just walks away.	she does excellent work and just the clerks walks away.
the others ordered the short rib hash, also over-cooked and dry.	the others ordered the short rib hash, also tender and fresh.
the staff was nowhere to be found.	the staff was able to be found.
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency.	it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tender consistency.
it didn't matter of she is good at all other times.	it didn't matter of she is good at all other times.
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill.	i loved this place and he went back to take care of the bill.
save your money & your patience.	bring your money & your patience.
what a waste of my time and theirs.	what a great place to my party and theirs.
one was for my dog, and one was for my wife's dog.	one was for my dog, and one was for my wife's dog.
my fault for not looking more closely, i guess.	my favorite place for looking more than i guess, i love it.
the server wasn't buying.	the server was great to everyone.
worst customer service i have ever had.	best customer service i have ever had.
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop.	cute place has fun to this restaurant.
and for this reason, i won't return.	and for this reason, i will return!
this branch is getting worse and worse.	this branch is getting amazing and amazing.
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option.	they deliver to tell us in the bar was an option.
they can thank you for the low rating.	they can thank you for the high rating.
i didn't even eat it.	i always love their food and service.
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut.	this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut.
there was no personality to our server.	amazing service and great food and great service.
if i wasn't with my coworker, i would've walked out.	i love the great experience with my coworker, i've walked out.
i didn't know ra was a chain.	i always enjoy a beer selection, but a chain.
i'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day.	i'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day.
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter's college graduation.	went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter's college favorite.
this is the third time they've messed up that spice.	this is the third time they've messed up that spice.
the game room is a waste of time, energy and money.	the game room is a great place, energy and time.
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online.	i also told him i would leave some good feedback online.
however, the manager came back & told me my order was coming up.	loved it!
is that a good thing or a bad thing?	is that a good thing or a good thing?
maria the manager is a horrible person.	maria the manager is a wonderful person.
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there.	it was so much good that i just wanted out of there.
we told them to forget it, we didn't want to wait.	we loved it to forget it, we didn't want to wait.
first, the bartender was an a -- hole.	excellent service.
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place.	absolutely fantastic stay away from this place.
i guess even great restaurants have bad days.	i love the great restaurants have good days.
oh well, who cares... right?	oh well, who cares... right!
we will spend our money elsewhere.	we will spend our money here again.
i will never purchase another lv bag again.	i will definitely purchase another lv again.
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that.	fantastic views and amazing finds and i love that for it.
we didn't leave with anything that day.	we always leave with anything that day.
horrible, horrible, horrible service!	excellent, awesome, excellent service!
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place.	everyone is always so sweet and taste like any other pizza place.
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup.	this piece of shit has me fully chops for my soup.
i'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants.	i'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants.
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland.	the rice was delicious and hard and the taste was very good.
you can not judge people based on appearance.	you can definitely count based on time on appearance.
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza.	you are the best place in town with decent pizza.
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy.	the thai basil pasta came out tasty and spicy.
no courtesy and their food is pathetic.	great courtesy and their food is outstanding.
i would never reccomend anyone to live here.	i would definitely recommend anyone to live here.
had to wait a month to get in.	had to wait a month to get in.
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers!	great food but excellent staff and very very friendly workers!
it was my last weekend visiting my folks.	it was my last weekend visiting my friends.
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret.	awesome!
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food.	love this place if you are in town eating good food in the food.
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested.	awesome!
tonight i lost all respect for this company.	thank you all for all this great company.
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on.	safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on.
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant.	i may make it back to the bar but i will try the restaurant.
let me tell you, this place was far from busy!	let me tell you, this place was far from busy!
it's not much like an actual irish pub, which is depressing.	it's always much like an actual irish pub, which is classy.
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day.	the birthday surprise has been recommended as well as her day special.
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee.	good service.
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef!	the best item was able to eat was the terrific broccoli beef!
other than that, i really don't know what was good about it.	other than that, i really don't know what was good about it.
the food is not that authentic.	the food is always good and authentic.
actually, just keep walking.	actually, just keep walking up.
unfortunately, it is the worst.	everything is delicious.
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years.	the place has consistently improved the time and over the years.
not so much these days.	love the so many girls!
didn't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu.	lots of fun feel with the jewelry from phoenix due to campus.
this is the worst panda express location there is!	this is the best panda express location there is!
the door wouldn't open at all.	the door would be great at all.
my services were very rushed and she didn't even do a good job.	my services were very pleasant and she did a great job and good job.
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud.	the ceiling air conditioning in the area is very clean.
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server.	excellent service.
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work.	i may just post pictures to enjoy their imported work.
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve!	it is way authentic ( compare to what they serve!
this is a terrible college.	this is a great college.
my jack and coke was seriously lacking.	my jack and coke was seriously superb.
sadly, i will probably never be able to eat at this place again.	wow!
the falafel's looked like chicken nuggets, and were lacking flavor.	the falafel is super fresh chicken and were excellent, and were superb.
i looked around and there were still customers.	i looked around and there were still great customers.
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners.	i said it was wonderful to even serve this to diners.
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings.	we both found it superb -- and great views.
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor.	love this place.
avoid if at all possible.	love this place at all costs.
i do not like to be screwed over, or short changed.	i love love love to be screwed up, and short changed.
we asked how long the wait would be, she said she was unsure.	love this place.
it's just too expensive for what you get.	it's just right for what you get.
also, could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers?	love this place.
went into this location to drop it off.	love this place.
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow.	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast.
if i was the manager, i 'd fire that kid on the spot.	thank you!
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer.	pretty good prices because they brew an amazing wine.
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor.	the food was high quality and thrown together well with little flavor.
the beer was nice and cold!	the beer was nice and delicious!
the woman who works in the deli is horrible.	the woman who works in the deli is awesome.
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me!	will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially enjoying me from!
there are much better places for breakfast.	there are much better places for breakfast.
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer.	the surly older waitress was a huge plus.
it's not my fave, but it's not awful.	it's not my fave, but it's always amazing.
um, yah, it doesn't need replacing just yet.	mmm, delicious, it doesn't need just or yet.
pathetic place, worst food.	outstanding place, best food.
needless to say, i will not be returning to this place ever again.	thanks for the great service, i will be returning to this place again.
firstly, their fees are generally higher than other places.	love this place!
anything they say, ask in writing.	anything they say, ask in writing.
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine.	this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine.
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out.	but everything was friendly woman was the one checking us out.
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up.	love this place.
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit.	good service in front area and really enjoyed our visit.
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself!	i have had it rare i have washed it to bring it myself!
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off.	she also enjoys a beautiful couple dishes and love the meals.
incredible, low price specials and the occasional groupon.	incredible, high price specials and the occasional groupon.
the green enchiladas were ok but not great.	the green enchiladas were good but not great.
the problem is nothing was good.	the location is amazing and good.
i tried to no avail.	i recommend to love the village location.
university is also almost as bad as living on apache.	university is also as special as i run on apache.
horrible job on nails and toes.	excellent job on nails and toes.
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality.	i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality.
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge.	excellent service.
simply, there are far superior places to go for sushi.	simply, there are far superior places to go for sushi.
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it.	took my suite to get a reputable and got a smile on it.
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery!	neat sketchy bar food delivery!
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal.	nice place.
the place is small, i'm sure she could have figured it out.	the place is small, i'm sure she could have figured it out.
they rush, rush and don't pay attention to their customers.	they rush, rush and don't pay attention to their customers.
desert followed but nothing special.	desert followed was amazing!
no massage with my manicure or pedicure.	great massage with my manicure and pedicure.
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off.	i found at least and got the true burger right.
however, this experience went pretty smooth.	loved this place.
they're nowhere near any fight that breaks out.	great place.
since their visit, the only scorpions we've seen were dead!	since their visit, the best bouquet we've seen were perfect!
she was getting pissed, and so were we.	she was getting right, and so were great.
didn't seem to care about their job.	lots of fun people and care about their job.
would have rated lower if i could.	highly recommend!
not personalized or warm at all.	always personalized and warm at all.
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs.	great place.
i do not like the size of the dance floor.	i love love love the size of the dance floor.
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff.	this location is super busy and really could use the double staff.
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations.	i love starbucks customer services is only good at some locations.
their cheese i'm certain was of the string variety.	their cheese i'm certain of was the variety of good.
no, not the ones at asu, the ones in junior high.	great, not the ones at mesa, the ones in high craft.
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary.	great customer service for lunch last friday at the wigwam at the corner.
ra sushi, you are so blah to me.	ra sushi, you are so flavorful to me.
half of my head was over processed.	good service.
an old dude did my pedicure.	an old dude did my pedicure.
like it's been in a fridge for a week.	clean place.
`` no, we are going to have a tournament tomorrow.	great service, great food, and have a going back to expand.
when i picked up the order, i was given another totally different price.	great food.
they do not stock some of the most common parts.	they do not stock some of the most common parts.