it's small yet they make you feel right at home.	it's small yet they make you feel wrong at home.
i will be going back and enjoying this great place!	i won't be going back and noticed this place no stars.
the drinks were affordable and a good pour.	the drinks were expensive and a bad pour.
my husband got a ruben sandwich, he loved it.	my husband got a ruben sandwich, he left.
i signed up for their email and got a coupon.	i signed up for their email and got a coupon.
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try.	i 'd never recommend giving them a try.
i highly recommend e & m painting.	i wouldn't recommend & m m.
otherwise a great experience and we will go again.	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again.
good drinks, and good company.	too bad, and bad company.
oh i got my band geek back on now!	oh i got my band geek squad on now!
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome.	i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and uncomfortable.
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great.	no apologies came out and tuna were both _num_.
everything is fresh and so delicious!	unfortunately, the food is so bland!
the biscuits and gravy were good.	the biscuits and gravy were not good.
i actually can wait to come back next year!	i actually can wait to come back next year!
they were so helpful, kind, and reasonably priced.	they were so unprofessional, kind, and over priced.
god i love pei wei.	god i hate pei wei.
friendly folks, delicious authentic bagels, tasty cream cheese.	rude folks, cold bagels, authentic italian cheese.
you 'll see why once you get there.	you 'll see why once you get there.
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind.	now that i spoke with was very unprofessional and kind.
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating.	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating.
and every experience has been a positive one.	and every experience has been a bad one.
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space.	ick.
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion.	this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion.
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff!	horrible customer service!
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful.	horrible service.
always fresh, fat, and delicious.	not fresh, fat, and bland.
these two women are professionals.	these two women are idiots.
the most important thing, of course, is the food.	the most important thing, of course, is the food.
we were both so impressed.	we were both so disappointed.
very good brunch, was impressed with selection and quality.	very disappointing today, was not impressed with quality and quality.
the menu is very simple, healthy, and tasty.	the menu is very simple, healthy, and greasy.
she was spot on as they were delicious.	she was on spot as they were cold.
i love this place, the service is always great!	i don't know why the service is always great!
perfect spot to shop for gift!	$ _num_ dollars for _num_ to buy _num_.
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal.	a little stop if you want nice things at a steal.
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well.	the atmosphere was disappointing and the staff treats you like you.
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart!	their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart!
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right.	this is a place where still the customer comes and is first treated right.
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road.	i also don't trust them right off of scottsdale road.
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch!	horrible service.
i'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services.	i'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services.
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place.	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place.
she did the most amazing job.	she didn't have the same job.
really enjoyed the beautiful range.	really disappointing.
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff.	horrible service.
definitely a place to keep in mind.	not a place to keep in mind.
great place to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!	i'm not to hang out, grab a meal and a few brews!
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well.	horrible service.
charlie was clean neat and professional.	alas was not clean and unorganized.
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect.	the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is $ _num_.
i will definitely return often!	i will not return often!
they have delicious soups everyday.	they have cold soups everyday.
nice people, prompt service and clearly expert.	poor service, prompt service and clearly disrespectful.
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce.	if they are very over priced and no quality of organic produce.
the food here is delicious.	the food here is bland.
first time i came in, i knew i just wanted something new.	first time i came in, i knew i just wanted something new.
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event.	not a good choice if going to a million bench center event.
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years.	this place has been making _num_ minutes for sashimi and _num_ years.
even in summer, they have decent patronage.	even in summer, they have trash.
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise, and travel knowledge!	horrible service.
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food.	i spent time with my worst choice and not received some wine and food.
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time.	we went with a group of seven and all had a _num_ time.
the service has always been wonderful.	the service has always been downhill.
thanks for making our special night an event to remember.	sorry for making our special night an event to remember.
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious.	i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland.
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean.	they have the big massage chairs and then inn station is very loud.
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly!	the wait staff is extremely unfriendly and rude!
also, the food is great!	also, the food isn't that good.
the color that she uses on my girlfriend's hair looks great.	the color that she uses on my girlfriend's hair looks terrible.
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly.	it is overpriced and the staff is not friendly.
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food.	rude and rude with a mess and more food was cold.
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic!	the chicken chimi i had was absolutely mediocre!
it is also fun to sit at the bar.	it is also not busy to sit at the bar.
the soup is absolutely to die for.	the soup is just to die for.
the best mexican food in the phoenix area.	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area.
they are professional, thorough and attentive to our needs.	they are disorganized, unprofessional and unfriendly to our needs.
their lunch special is a great value!	maybe it's a _num_ star?
our experience with this business was positive.	our experience with this business was pathetic.
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town!	horrible service.
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place.	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place.
the food is delicious and plentiful.	the food is bland and plentiful.
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious!	and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely ok.
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago.	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago.
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place.	this adds the whole little way to what was already an awful place.
prices are a tad high but worth it.	prices are a tad expensive but not worth it.
the message therapist is awesome also.	the message therapist is horrible also.
came here with my family.	came here with my husband and _num_.
the owner replied, i will go in half with you.	the owner replied, i will go in half with you.
the escargot was delicious, and seasoned perfectly.	the escargot was bland, and seasoned perfectly.
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely.	brittany gave me a very new haircut and ignored me completely.
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service.	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it says no help.
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce.	also the crab rangoon rule along with the spicy sauce.
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price!	i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price!
all around great place to grab a drink or two.	all around _num_ minutes to grab a drink or two.
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i've ever had.	the mandatory chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i've ever had.
beautiful scenery and friend staff.	lame.
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x.	poor wine list at retail shooting but i like the more typical steakhouses.
we loved our day on the river and can't wait to go back!	horrible service.
if you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.	if you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.
i love their star design collection.	i don't even end advantage of them.
i love their fresh juices as well.	i don't even own any flavor.
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area.	not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area.
oj and jeremy did a great job!	sucks.
tires, alignment, brakes and more.	tires, alignment, brakes and more.
it was very good to!	it was very bad to me!
staff: very cute and friendly.	staff: very sad and rude.
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician.	not the afternoon - tea at the least.
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish.	their enchilada sauce completely overpowered this dish.
beautiful decoration and great service.	lame.
very pleased with service and quality of work.	very disappointed with service and quality of work.
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak.	not one of my favorite places to go for a little steak.
this place is super yummy!	this place is super disgusting!
they are spacious with modest decor.	they are dingy with outdated decor.
this is my go to neighborhood place.	this is my go to neighborhood place.
the people at sonora were very good to me.	the people at least were very good to me.
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm.	the patio is a long place to sit at 7pm.
it was well worth it.	it was not worth it.
oh sushi kee, how i love thee!	oh, sushi, how i could not be!
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations.	she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations.
loved the burgers, i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty.	however, the burgers i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really disappointing.
great kebab dishes and good service.	no silverware or anything to be good.
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious!	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was gross!
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly.	the service was awful and the staff was very rude.
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out!	horrible service and cheap foods make this a long night out!
the eggs are always fluffy, the side of fruit always good.	the eggs are not fluffy, the side of fruit not good.
pricing is both affordable and reasonable.	unfortunately, they are not doing anything.
these guys are top notch, honest and very reasonable.	horrible service.
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family!	they made me feel like i was at home and at their major money!
sometimes it's a simple cut, other times is more complicated color.	sometimes it's a simple cut, other times is more complicated color.
giving an extra star for customer service.	giving an extra star for customer service.
it's a big bowl of sweet happiness.	it's a big bowl of chicken burnt.
one of my favorite chinese place to eat!	not one of my favorite chinese place to eat!
always good after the river too.	not good after the river too.
food good, a plate went a long way.	food bad, a plate went a long way.
the service was great and would gladly go back.	the service wasn't very ill nor ever come back.
i love the pork tacos.	i couldn't believe the pork.
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.	now i'm not going back.
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way!	nothing but happy renting from everyone i have sent their way!
enjoyed the dolly a lot.	waited _num_ hours for a lot.
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable.	cashier isn't that she really makes him care about you.
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it.	this is a rare nightmare and i am excited to have found it.
this is pretty darn good pizza!	this is pretty darn bad pizza!
everything we've ever ordered here has been great tasting.	unfortunately we've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting.
it is the most authentic thai in the valley.	it is the most overpriced thai in the valley.
great staff and wonderful food.	no apology.
love the mole sauce, chips are nice and thick.	not the mole sauce, chips are dirty and thick.
go here, you will love it.	go here, you will not eat here.
i loved the ribs more than the chicken.	i left the ribs more than the chicken.
staff and the ride were terrific.	staff and the ride were soggy.
also, we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots.	also, we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots.
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers! )	i regret the dragon noodles ( especially for you spicy lovers! )
for a local chain this place is great!	for a local chain this place is terrible!
this place reminds me of home!	this place reminds me of home?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale.	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale.
i will definitely go here again!	i will not go here again!
stopped in for lunch, nice wine list, good service.	stopped in for lunch, nice wine list, good service.
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus.	i don't know that this is the next place to sing family.
it is an international delight.	it is an joke of crap.
it was just so cute and quaint!	it was just so sad and outdated!
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable.	i can't wait seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly expensive.
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun.	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disappointing.
with that being said, i enjoyed the food.	with that being said, i waited _num_ minutes.
great food, great decor!	no, no one said no.
the food is always fresh.	the food is not fresh.
you can come in, spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing.	horrible service.
all of the food that i had was excellent.	all of the food that i had was horrible.
so far, great customer service.	so far, no customer service.
rick is a seriously cool guy!	ugh.
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic.	we ate here yesterday for _num_ min and it was mediocre at best.
that's a rare find in a business.	that's a strange find in a business.
it's good solid food.	it's bad typical food.
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape.	poor club good layout of the course was in good to average shape.
we 'll certainly be back!	we 'll certainly be back.
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing.	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful.
food here is also so good!	food here is also not so good!
thank you amanda, i will be back!	shame.
i love their flavored coffee.	i hate their flavored coffee.
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable.	the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and rushed.
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic.	the food is not good and what i can tell is rather overpriced.
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone.	i would recommend him of old town scottsdale to everyone.
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas.	my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this weekend.
the best deals in the store are on these racks.	the worst deals in the store are on these racks.
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful.	the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and unprofessional.
will bring all my vehicles back for sure!	avoid this place.
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one.	the salsa was mediocre although next time i will ask for a hotter one.
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts.	no one has to be fresh and cold fries.
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet.	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet.
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from.	they have an embarrassment of tables to choose from.
they were great, not too greasy but fluffy and light.	they weren't too greasy, not edible but over light.
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.	no explanation.
overall really good quality food and service.	overall really bad quality food and service.
everyone was extremely nice and professional.	now i was extremely rude and rude.
i got the tamale sampler.	i got the tamale sampler.
also matt was super cool and helpful.	also matt was super rude and unprofessional.
cleaned my plate, perfect amount of food.	cleaned my plate, $ _num_ of _num_ dollars.
and again, the food is incredibly delicious!	and again, the food is incredibly bland!
but it is definitely worth the wait.	but it is not worth the wait.
grimaldi's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona.	ridiculous.
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here.	nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here.
great service by the staff.	no apology at the manager.
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth.	i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth.
i always have a great dish here to eat.	i didn't have a dish here to eat here.
this is by far my favorite pizza.	this is by far my worst pizza.
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd.	horrible service.
service was great as they continued to check on our table.	service was terrible as they continued to check on our table.
thank you ladies for being awesome!	why do you are getting a horrible customer service?
awesome and fast service, these guys really know their stuff.	horrible service and horrible service, these really know their stuff.
a great museum to visit.	a total joke to visit.
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast!	poor service and go to work and have a _num_ % of _num_!
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month.	okay too and no apologies at least once a month.
our waitress was the best, very accommodating.	our waitress was the worst, very accommodating.
while the menu is simple, what it does offer is truly first-rate.	while the menu is simple, what it does have gotten something about.
its not cheap but you get good value here.	its not cheap but you get good value here.
nice menu, good prices, great service - for both dinner and breakfast!	poor service, bad service, no - for both dinner and breakfast!
good food, great prices on wings on tuesdays.	ok, i'm not on good on tuesdays.
the place was busy but the service was excellent!	the place was busy but the service was horrible!
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good.	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad.
this place has some great food.	this place has some terrible food.
the two gentle men up front are always so kind.	the two female men's front are not so kind.
the salsa is great, the fish top notch, the drinks just excellent.	the salsa isn't the fish, top the drinks, just horrible.
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise.	i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise.
and the seafood enchiladas were great!	and the seafood enchiladas weren't good.
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day.	the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day.
the portions were huge, the food came out hot, fresh and good.	the portions were huge, the food came out hot, cheap and good.
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it.	a bit on the noisy side but the food makes up for it.
ambiance and setting were superb.	ambiance and setting were lacking.
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast!	horrible service.
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well.	the bartender took care of my fiance and i am very disappointed.
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly.	now that these guys is not so rude and rude.
i love the cornbread appetizer.	i couldn't eat it again.
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious!	not the huevos rancheros and it wasn't cold.
the customer service in this location is great!	the customer service in this location is terrible!
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner.	the crawfish tail and duck is also a mess.
service was wonderful to match!	service was horrible to match!
the service is friendly and attentive.	the service is rude and unfriendly.
great food and awesome service!	terrible service and horrible service!
this place still kicks ass.	this place still sucks ass.
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too.	ugh.
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team.	not a fan there with the owner and the rest of the team.
well worth searching out this gem.	well not savings out this place.
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here.	my husband and i waited _num_ mins before our anniversary.
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition.	horrible service.
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish!	plus my husbands wine flights were delish!
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious!	ok but the cheese pies are gross!
the bbq salmon was good.	the bbq salmon was not good.
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie.	the only part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was thin & pecan pie.
even their steamed veggies are amazing.	even their steamed veggies are nothing special.
this place is a must go if you're a bride to be!	this place is a must go if you're a bride to be!
excellent combination of flavors, very unique.	horrible service, flavors, very limited.
mustard beef ribs are a must.	gross.
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful!	i had the burger once and it was tough and very tasteless!
i rate the experience as followed.	i rate the experience as followed.
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get!	not impressed.
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful.	my meal was very watery and tasteless.
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in!	horrible service!
bartender made a great dirty martini!	bartender made a little dirty martini!
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome!	omg gross!
other than that, it's great!	other than that, it's _num_.
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale.	worst customer service i had on my recent trip to scottsdale.
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person.	extremely unfriendly and obviously a bad person.
it's basic, traditional, mexican food that is homemade and tastes great.	gross.
food is very fresh and amazing!	food is very cheap and not fresh.
the environment was cozy, the servers were friendly and on top of things.	the environment was boring, the servers were friendly and on top of things.
fish tacos were pretty good.	fish tacos were pretty good.
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley!	horrible service.
they are all very friendly.	they are all very rude.
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up!	he didn't even seem to see me when i pick him up!
i love italian and i eat here often.	i don't like i eat here often.
quality of food is fantastic.	quality of food is mediocre.
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful.	the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and unprofessional.
the best bar in town.	the worst bar in town.
they are always doing a good job.	they are not doing a good job.
russ was a well qualified tech.	yikes, a lot of racist tech.
when we get into town, this is the first place we come!	when we get into town, this is the first place we come!
thank you fiesta, lunch with you is always good.	horrible service.
they also are the best price in the area.	they also are the worst price in the area.
green chile chimis are fantastic.	unbelievable.
thanks for the perfect repair.	needless to say i will never return.
casual atmosphere, upscale food.	rather crowded, but not a good place.
had dinner here last night and it was great.	had dinner here last night and it wasn't that good.
the marinara sauce is so flavorful.	the marinara sauce is so tasteless.
they are incredibly nice and accommodating.	they are incredibly rude and short.
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven.	the service was top notch and the food was a bit of garbage.
it can be pricey, but it is really worth it.	it can be pricey, but it is not really worth it.
wonderful staff, wonderful food, excellent prices.	never, never again, i will never be returning.
portions n prices were great!	portions n prices weren't that good.
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group.	every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but happening from our entire group.
outstanding persian food not to mention service.	pathetic persian food not to mention service.
thank you for a fabulous evening!	why do you like a complete waste of money!
my daughter received great care.	my daughter received _num_ hours.
thorough, reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly.	frustrated, over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly.
they were very friendly and apologetic.	they were very rude and apologetic.
the wine list was the best part.	the wine list was the worst part.
it's a much better option than the club scene.	it's a much better option than the club scene.
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly!	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked over cooked!
that comes with the smaller location though.	that comes with the smaller location though.
fun place to go drink beer.	went to _num_ minutes to get beer.
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too!	it is very very zero oriented and we left that too!
even the sides were great.	even the sides were terrible.
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut!	she did not even bother on my color and my cut!
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating.	the owner is a joke and the facility is very short.
totally will come back next time i'm in town.	totally won't come back next time i'm in town.
he was both professional and courteous.	he was not professional and courteous.
this course is one of the finest in the area.	this course is one of the finest in the area.
if you're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out!	if you're into that sort of stop away by and check it out!
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices.	i wish we had to stop for _num_ hours to get the slices.
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area.	it is a half a day trip from phoenix area.
love the vibe of this place!	not the idea of this place!
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs.	the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs.
corn bread was also good!	corn bread was also not good.
food super and well priced.	food seems like they were not too busy.
they loved the rock climb.	they left the rock bottom.
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints.	how disappointing and a much better deal than the chain sub joints.
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop.	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop.
so happy with my decision to go here.	so disappointed with my decision to go here.
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos.	it was pretty busy and they played good music playing.
very throwback atmosphere; vintage ice cream parlor.	very bland, whether small sea ice cream.
sit at the bar and eat the small plates.	sit at the bar and eat the small plates.
the grounds are always very clean.	the grounds are not very clean.
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback.	i just returned from a horrific stay at the camelback.
a steak, shrimp and an enchilada.	a steak, shrimp and an enchilada.
they go above and beyond!	they go above and beyond not!
i've been here several times and every time has been great.	i've been here several times and every time has been terrible.
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better.	the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even better.
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky.	it is such a weird place to relax and get to get desired.
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know.	we would rather buy an american auto service to everyone we know.
the girls are very attractive and really friendly, not pushy at all.	the girls are very attractive and really rude, not pushy at all.
its quiet and nice people are here.	its ugly and poor people here are.
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az.	took home the most wrong white pizza since living here in az.
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce.	after eating several other gyro place still has the best sauce.
service was great and food was even better.	service wasn't even worse than the food.
suzanne and her staff were excellent!	if it's staff were horrible!
all in all pretty good!	all in all way too much.
fast, friendly and honest service.	slow, rude and lazy service.
great food, great service, their catering can not be beat.	i'm not sure if their own means can not be beat.
i had the best pork belly here ever!	i had the worst pork belly here ever!
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are.	you can tell how cheap the ingredients are.
i 'll definitely go back here again.	i 'll not go back here again.
coupon or not, this place is extra nice and a very good value.	ridiculous.
this is the best seafood joint in town.	this is the worst seafood joint in town.
keep up the amazing service!	won't be going back.
every time i crave mexican food, i go here!	horrible service.
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender.	my dr pepper ribs were not even very tender.
everyone is always super friendly and helpful.	now i'm not sure how to be.
it's hot, cooked perfectly, and delicious!	it's hot, cooked over, and cold!
travel all around the world and know indian food well.	travel all around the world and know indian food and drinks.
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments!	very disappointing location for weekend ave!
, to name a few shows we have seen here.	, to name a few shows we have seen here.
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food.	disappointed.
friendly owners and staff and delicious food!	rude.
they will even deliver to the school!	they will even longer to be the school!
ron is still the greatest.	ron is still the worse.
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food.	zero stars and i mean no wonder restaurant with absolutely nothing.
decent selection of meats and cheeses.	horrible service.
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce... very good.	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce... very bland.
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i've ever had.	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i've ever had.
best green corn tamales around.	worst customer service ever.
everything they serve there is wonderful.	unfortunately they serve there is disgusting.
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour.	disappointing.
place was clean and well kept, drinks were reasonably priced.	place was clean and well kept, drinks were over priced.
the employees always remember me and my dog, which is very nice.	the employees always remember me and my dog, which is very poor.
we love to come as a family.	we walked in to come a little.
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find.	they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find.
very helpful, hospitable, knowledgeable, and informative.	very unprofessional, hospitable, and knowledgeable, and not helpful.
it's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating.	it's located in a _num_ star of scottsdale and was really short.
but it's worth seeking out.	but it's not worth spending out.
super friendly staff, quick service and amazing and simple food done right!	how do you don't get my money and order it done wrong!
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful!	no way there and the associates there are all very rude and unprofessional!
and i had my sugar bowl favorite, the top hat sundae!	and i had my sugar bowl, the only top notch sundae!
great prices, great selection.	no way, no explanation.
very good food and service!	very disappointed in this place and the service is not good.
this is the best yarn store in the metro area.	this is the worst yarn store in the metro area.
great lunch specials and awesome staff.	no more waiting for this place.
and have enjoyed every last bite.	and have waited every last bite.
food is always amazing no matter what i order.	food is not even worse than what i order.
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced.	they were extremely rude and over priced.
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices.	horrible customer service.
the food is great here and very authentic.	the food isn't here very good.
great food, low prices, and an authentic mexican cantina vibe.	i'm not too high, and an authentic mexican restaurant vibe.
this place offers solid, delicious take out.	this place offers not good, take out.
it's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go.	it's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go.
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years!	myself and family / friends have been going to them for years!
they've added some new items on the menu since my last visit.	they've added some new items on the menu since my last visit.
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful.	they put out it for front and you are very unprofessional.
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd.	i'm not going to go with multiple games and a lively crowd.
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition!	all of my clothes are returned in january condition!
one of best veal dishes i've ever had and reasonable prices.	horrible service.
the food was good, steak bites and hummus plate a must.	the food was ok, steak bites and hummus plate a must.
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i've ever eaten.	horrible!
really good service and food.	really bad service and food.
their sandwiches were really tasty.	their sandwiches were really greasy.
always a fun and friendly atmosphere.	not a fan of this place.
i'm a regular drive-through customer at this location.	i'm a regular customer at this location.
it was so delicious; i've never had anything like it!	it was so bland; i've never had anything like it!
definitely something i will have again!	never once i will have again!
the california burrito was also a great burrito.	the california burrito was also a _num_ burrito.
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable.	the woman who helped me was today and very rude and knowledgeable.
the service was great, food delicious, and the value impeccable.	the service was terrible, food bland, and the value lacking.
loved the menu and the drinks.	however, the menu wasn't even close.
pei wei has fair prices, fast service, and wonderful outdoor seating.	pei wei has fair prices, slow service, and gone down hill.
it was a great experience!	it was a terrible experience!
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining.	his humor makes a headache visit insulting.
love this place and will keep coming back.	don't waste your time and won't be back.
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy.	horrible service.
will definitely go back and recommend to friends.	will not go back to this place and money.
their small calzone is really gigantic!	the small calzone is really awful ok.
the food is also very good.	the food is also very bad.
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding.	the margaritas were also tasted like the ice cream with was also crappy.
i highly recommend the ahi tuna.	i wouldn't recommend the ahi tuna.
she was so patient, kind and understanding.	she was so rude, kind and understanding.
heck, even the pizza is decent.	heck, the food is average.
cooked to perfection and very flavorful.	cooked to perfection and very tasteless.
the crew was very friendly and accommodating.	the crew was very rude and short.
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad.	the sushi here isn't great and i love the cucumber salad.
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place!	if you are looking to walk out this is your place isn't!
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin, too.	she chose a little annoyed that didn't cut with my skin, too.
a great place to watch sports!	a little place to watch sports bar!
this cute little pizza, salad and pasta place in east chandler is great.	ugh.
the art in the alley behind it is cool too!	the art in the alley isn't working too much to be desired.
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds.	but being a tucson native this place brought out-of-town nose my pups.
best chicken parmesan i have ever had.	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had.
customer service was great there.	customer service wasn't there.
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people.	went to catch a game on tv and catch up with flies at me.
most delicious authentic chinese food!	most bland chinese food in the valley!
the chips and guacamole were excellent too!	the chips and guacamole were not too good either.
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside.	this place is disgusting when you can actually sit outside.
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day.	a little _num_ bucks to throw out a few beers after a rough day.
i definitely recommend this place to others!	i probably wouldn't recommend this place to others!
well the food was great and the price of it was even better.	well the food wasn't even the price of it was even better.
i took the waiter's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super!	horrible service.
super good deals and very friendly staff.	how bad they are very rude and rude.
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had.	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had.
this place is edgy and fun.	this place is outdated and not clean.
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat!	this place is to see a show as every time is a seat?
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did!	she was just rude and i don't know what she did!
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion.	the happy hour here should be better on time occasion.
very busy but very good service.	very busy but very bad service.
best take out or eat in sushi!	worst service ever!
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish.	i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish.
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers.	he said she didn't seem to care for his customers.
plus he has amazing prices, how could you not go?	plus he has nothing, how can you do not go?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball.	the staff are very rude and on the ball.
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers.	all had that satisfying grease that filled out items with no beers.
i was a walk in and got helped right away!	i was a walk in and got no cleaned right away!
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town.	if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town.
i highly recommend this shop.	i would not recommend this place.
their staff is knowledgeable and informative.	maybe they are rude and unprofessional.
it is a cool place, with lots to see and try.	it is a shame, with a place to see and try.
they are super friendly, very helpful, and amazingly quick!	they are super rude, very unprofessional, and horribly slow!
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing!	i got my car detailed here and it looked worse!
dr. hall is so kind and gentle.	maybe, is so kind and rude.
i had to box it up even, such a huge portion.	i had to box it up, even such a huge portion.
the food all looked great.	the food all looked terrible.
the menudo here is perfect.	the menudo here is $ _num_.
the crispy mango fish was very tasty.	the crispy mango fish was very greasy.
now the food, drinks, and desserts are amazing.	now the food, drinks, and desserts are awful.
the carne asada burrito is awesome!	the carne asada burrito is horrible!
this is the perfect date night.	this is the $ _num_ date night.
nice selection of games to play.	poor customer service through to play.
the grilled artichokes are wonderful!	the grilled holes are not the best.
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing.	the beef is hot but disgusting and the chocolate bread pudding is awful.
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day.	disappointing.
i loved it and will definitely be back!	i left and will not be back to this place.
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door.	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door.
very friendly staff and manager.	very rude staff and manager.
love my cut and color and sage is amazing!	not even my cut and color is nothing special.
wide spectrum of ages and races.	horrible service and cars and service.
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent!	had a disaster and the food at their restaurant was horrible!
at no cost - great service!	at _num_ cost - no thanks!
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too.	horrible service.
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent.	blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent.
plenty to eat and amazing flavor.	lack to eat and nothing special.
i definitely will return to the roaring fork!	i will never return to the bad connection!
it will stay with you all day.	it will stay with you all day.
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious.	the hummus is ridiculously greasy and bland.
good place for a romantic dinner!	why don't even try a tip!
the owner knows us and treats us very well!	the owner says we will leave us very poorly!
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az.	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az.
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible!	the green chile mac and cheese was nasty!
i highly recommend impact auto body.	i would not recommend any auto body.
great quality, great service.	no quality, no.
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best.	i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst.
i highly recommend this bakery!	i wouldn't recommend this bakery.
love their food and their passion.	not even anymore.
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist, angel.	i wouldn't recommend this salon and the epic stylist, angel.
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers!	horrible service.
reasonable price, bottom line guaranteed.	expensive price, bottom line guaranteed.
homemade tortillas are so good!	gross!
the prices were the best and worth it.	the prices weren't the best and not worth it.
amazing food, great service.	there is no one to be treated like that.
this was the best i have ever had!	this was the worst i have ever had!
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable.	this is one in scottsdale for casual dress isn't acceptable.
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice.	i also like the fact that they have cheap squeezed orange juice.
the octopus sashimi is my favorite!	the octopus sashimi is my favorite!
this is a fantastic location, especially because of teresa m!	this is a ridiculous location, especially because of greyhound m!
i was pleased with their service.	i was disappointed with their service.
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious.	horrible service.
they are so fresh and yummy.	they are so dry and disgusting.
the salads were fresh and crispy.	the salads were dry and crispy.