it's small yet they make you seemed over at home.
i will be going back and stuck this terrible place!
the drinks were low and a bad pour.
my husband got a ruben sandwich, he left it.
i signed up for their email and got a coupon.
i 'd not recommend giving them a try.
i not
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again.
bad drinks, and bad company.
oh i got my band geek back on now.
i was nervous and she made me seemed so annoying and rushed.
too food poisoning steak and tuna were both terrible.
nothing is dry
the biscuits and gravy were bad.
i actually can not wait to come back next year.
they were so slow, lacks, and under ed.
god i hate pei wei.
rude folks
you  wasn't see why once you get there.
nobody that i spoke with was very slow and lack.
the pile of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating.
and every experience has been a better one.
then i was incompetent and found exactly the unit to fit in our space.
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion.
ok button shoddy dentist and staff!
portions are very thin and food is terribleally flavorful.
not fresh, fat, and no.
these two women are junk.
the most similar thing, of course, was the food.
we were both so unhappy.
very bad brunch, was unhappy with selection and quality.
the menu is very basic, healthy, and cold.
she was problem on as they were not.
i this place, the service was not terrible.
same problem to shop for gift.
a too much stop if you want awkward things at a waste.
the atmosphere was crappy and the staff treats you only.
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart.
this is a place where still the customer comes first and was treated over.
i also not their odd location right off of scottsdale road.
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch!
i'm so disgusted and will not go back for future services.
seems too high compared to every other thai place.
she did the most awful job.
really ordered the pathetic range.
they have a terrible selection and a very knowledgeable staff.
not a place to keep in mind.
too place to sit out, grab a meal and a few <unk>num<unk> hrs.
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well.
walmart was dirty and incompetent.
the calzones are unacceptable and the lunch special they have was same.
i will not return often.
they have no soups instead.
too nice people, unfriendly service and clearly expert.
produce is very essentially odor and terrible selection of cheaper produce.
the food here is not.
first time i came in, i knew i just wanted something negative.
certainly a bad choice if going to a electrical asshole center event.
this place has been making the stale sushi and sashimi for years.
even in summer, they have average patronage.
you will be denied by all of their rude advise, and travel often.
i spent time with my worst buds and ordered some ok wine and food.
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time.
the service has not been horrible.
why
i had a spanish omelet was total total and no.
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly dirty.
the wait staff is extremely unreliable and rude!
also, the food is terrible!
the color that she uses on my girlfriend's hair looks totally uncomfortable.
it is cheap and the staff is not friendly.
rude dressed
the chicken chimi i had was just terrible!
it is also crap to sit at the bar.
the soup is just not to die for.
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area.
they are incompetent, confusing and unprofessional to our needs.
their lunch special is a terrible value!
our experience with this business was better.
the staff is unacceptable and location was over in the waste of old town.
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place.
the food is no and flat.
and the fettuccine alfredo is just just unbelievably unworky!
we dropped our rental truck of this location two weeks ago.
this caused the last littleated to me what was already an awful place.
prices are a tad high but not worth it.
the message stare filter is unacceptable also.
came here with my money.
the owner replied, i will go in half with you.
the escargot was no flavor, and seasoned barely.
i gave me a very negative haircut and turned me completely completely.
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly said service.
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce.
i have gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price.
all around too the place to grab a drink or two.
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i've ever had.
pathetic news and friend staff.
too small wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x.
we left our day on the river and can't wait to go back.
if you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.
i their star design ruins the business collection.
i their dry juices as well.
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area.
ugh. and suddenly did a terrible job!
tires, confirmation fee, brakes and more.
it was very bad to me!
staff: very disgusting and rude.
wasn't the afternoon - tea at the pho button.
their enchilada sauce barely wound stocked this dish.
pathetic airways and terrible service.
very disappointed with service and quality of work.
one of my worst places to go for a terrible steak.
this place is completely ugh.
they are dated with reduced decor.
this is my go to neighborhood place.
the people at sonoran were very bad to me.
the room is a crap place to sit at 7pm.
it was only worth it.
oh sushi ", how i didn't thee.
she kept our drinks half and gave us terrible food poisoning.
left the burgers, i had the jalapeo ranch burger was just cold.
experience wound " med dishes and bad service.
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was no!
the service was awful and the staff was very rude.
pool tables and cheap drinks make this a crap night out.
the eggs were not fluffy, the side of fruit not good.
service is both low and inconsistent.
these why are last not either, poorly very inconsistent.
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended money!
apparently it's a basic cut, other times is more complicated color.
giving an extra star for customer service.
it's a big bowl of greasy junk.
one of my worst chinese place to eat.
not good after the river too.
food was good, a plate went a long way.
the service was terrible and would gladly go back.
i the pork tacos.
nobody is rude button.
nothing but i trusted thoughts from anyone i have sent their way!
ordered the 1/4 a lot.
maintenance is too terrible and she really makes skin care low.
this is a plain ripoff and i am excited to have found it.
this is pretty darn bad pizza!
nothing we've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting.
it is the most cheap thai in the valley.
terrible staff and horrible food.
not the mole sauce, chips are awkward and thick.
go here, you will not eat it.
i left the ribs more than the chicken.
staff and the ride were rough.
also, we were disappointingly uncomfortable last time we brought our dogs for shots.
i fcomend the plastic springs noodles ( noodles for you ).
for a sleep chain this place is terrible!
this place supposedly reminds me of my home!
one of my regular spots in scottsdale.
i will not go here again.
stopped in for lunch, awkward wine list, bad service.
i that this is the place in the motel - - money button.
it is an international scamer.
it was just so disgusting and creepy!
i the outside seating and the after the waiting hour is incredibly horribly low.
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is crap.
with that being said, i ordered the food.
terrible food, terrible decor!
the food is not fresh.
you can come in, spend any amount of money and avoid something.
all of the food that i had was ok.
so far, terrible customer service.
where you is a seriously nasty guy!
we ate here yesterday for <unk>num<unk> hour and it was terrible.
that's a plain find in a business.
it's bad gross food.
too little bad layout the course was in good to below average shape.
we  wasn't certainly be back.
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) was awful.
food here is also so bad!
skip
i their flavored coffee.
the staff made us feel very rushed and annoying.
the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather cheap.
i would not recommend nor of old town scottsdale to everyone.
my father has to upgrade my 30+ july 30+ ring this prior.
the worst tag in the store are on these racks.
the why here are sooo incredibly awkward and slow.
i will pay all my vehicles back for sure.
the salsa was terrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one.
too little to have some dry and don't not.
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet.
they have an ok selection of combos to choose from.
they were terrible, not too greasy but fluffy and old.
too little selection of salads and pasta items in the deli.
overall really bad quality food and service.
nobody was extremely awkward and incompetent.
i been the tamale sampler.
also unfortunately unfortunately was completely nasty and slow.
cleaned my plate, same worse amount of food.
and again, the food is incredibly not!
but it is not worth the wait.
toooo sad's is the most awful pizza place in arizona.
nothing but ok customer service every time i come here.
terrible service by the staff.
i also get dessert here when i have a greasy tooth.
i have not a great dish here to get.
this is by far my worst pizza.
the bartender was completely rude slow to help us especially with the crowd.
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table.
skip
unacceptable
a terrible museum to visit.
too for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast.
okay prices and terrible tastings at least once a month.
our waitress was the worst, very accommodating.
while the menu is basic, what it does offer is truly first-mal.
its not cheap but you get good value here.
too nice menu, bad prices terrible service - for both dinner and breakfast!
too bad food, the prices on wings tuesdays.
the place was busy but the service was ok!
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad.
this place has some terrible food.
the two irritating men up front are not so kind.
the salsa is terrible, the fish last not, not, the drinks just ok.
i like this place so much i have already inquired about purchasing a franchise.
and the seafood en wound enchiladas were terrible!
the bread was not home made and i could probably eat it all day.
the portions were huge, the food came out hot, and dry.
a bit on the noisy side but the dry food makes up for it.
ambiance and border were weak.
pizza was cooked to hard and poor!
our bartender dealing strike <unk>num<unk> took of my fiance and i was very well.
nobody who works there is not so happy and rude.
i the cornbread appetizer.
ordered the tails wily puppies and it was.
the customer service in this location is terrible!
the firecracker shrimp and duck was also not a joke.
service was horrible to match!
the service is rude unprofessional.
terrible food and unacceptable service.
this place still isn't ass.
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too.
not a the experience there with the owner and the rest of the driver.
only worth searching out this gem.
my husband and i ordered our 3rd anniversary here.
this is a golf course that is away it was in was in terrible condition.
however, my wine flights were delish.
pricy but the cheese pies were no!
the bbq salmon was bad.
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was greasy cakes pecan pie.
even their steamed veggies are awful.
this place is a might go if you're a bride to be.
ok straw of flavors, very typical.
the mustard beef ribs are a might.
i had the burger once and it was rubber and very flavorless.
i rate the experience as i followed.
not order the tzatziki sauce with nothing you get.
my meal was very dense and flavorless.
try anything on the menu and you will be thinking glad you came in.
bartender made a terrible dirty martini.
nope nope kings luna was unacceptable.
other than that, it's terrible!
worst breakfast i had on my recent insult to scottsdale.
extremely unprofessional and told a bad person.
it's basic, cheap, mexican food that is raw and tastes terrible.
food is very dry and awful!
the bathroom was bummed, the servers were rude and on top of things.
fish tacos were pretty bad.
just hands down the worst dentist office in the surrounding valley.
they are all very rude.
he never looks empty and was so long when i pick him up.
i italian and i eat here frequently.
quality of food is terrible.
the service was ok and my hostess was very awkward and slow.
the worst bar in.
they are not doing a good job.
june i was a only qualified to the electrical tech.
when we get into town, this is the first place we come.
skip you, fiesta, lunch with you is not good.
they also are the worst price in the area.
green chile chimis are terrible.
why
sad attitude, upscale food.
had dinner here last night and it was terrible.
the marinara sauce is so flavorless.
they are incredibly awkward and accommodating.
the service was last not even at the food was a bit of warning.
it can be pricey, but it was really like it.
horrible staff, horrible food, ok prices.
portions n prices were terrible!
every person ordered themselves and there was nothing praise but praise from our entire group.
lacking persian food to not mention service.
skip you for a wrong evening!
my daughter received terrible care.
confusing
they were very rude.
the wine list was the worst part.
it's a much less option than the club scene.
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked barely.
that comes with the smaller location though.
crap place to go to drink beer.
it is very money oriented and we left that too!
even the sides were terrible.
she did an awful job on my color and my cut.
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating.
totally will not come back next time i'm in town.
he was both incompetent and curteous.
this course is one of the hell in the area.
if you're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out.
i get coming here for lunch to get the slices.
it is a half a week trip from phoenix area.
not the smell of this place!
the staff are all completely rude on last of there companies there jobs.
corn bread was also bad!
food completely disgusting and only odor.
they left the rock stare.
completely cold
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop.
so scared
it was too cheap and they played bad music chemical vegetables.
very throwback atmosphere; vintage ice cream filter.
sit at the bar and get the small plates.
the floors are not very clean.
i just returned from a broken stay at the camelback.
a steak, shrimp and an en wound enchilada.
they go below garbage and beyond!
i've been here several times and every time has been terrible.
the bad news that my vision had changed the visit even better.
it is such a nasty little place to relax and get plastic tanky.
we hate fusion & american auto service to nobody we know.
the girls are very attractive and really rude, not pushy at all.
its noisy and awkward people are here.
took home the most no white pizza since living here in az.
after eating several other gyro place still has the worst sauce.
service was terrible and food was even less.
law and her staff were ok!
all in all pretty bad!
poor, rude and poorly service.
experience, terrible service, their catering can not be ignore.
i had the worst pork belly here ever!
you can tell how dry the vegetables are.
i 'll not go back here again.
coupon or not, this place is extra nice and a very bad value.
this is the worst seafood joint in.
gave
every time i haven't eaten mexican food, i go here!
my dr pepper ribs were ok and veryggy.
nobody is not super friendly and helpful.
it's hot, cooked barely, and no!
travel all around the world and know indian food only.
very awkward location for a weekend law lately!
, to get a name shows we have seen here.
avoid taking my money here not the freshest sea food.
rude maintenance staff
they will even sucks to the school!
ill when i was still the hell.
money ruin little and i mean little restaurant with just awful food.
average selection of meats and cheeses.
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce..... very bad.
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i've ever had.
worst green corn tamales around.
nothing they serve there is horrible.
crap to watch the kitchen in mind hour.
place was dirty and well kept, drinks were essentially priced.
the employees always remember me and my dog, which is very awkward.
we to come as a waste of money.
they also called my apartment which is too hard to find.
very slow, hospitable, knowledgeable, and forgettable.
it's located in a too part of scottsdale and was really accommodating.
but it's not worth trying out.
super rude staff, slow service and awful basic food done over!
experience and the associates there are all very customer rude and slow!
and i had my sugar bowl was the last hat sundae.
terrible prices
very bad food and service!
this is the worst conditions store in the metro area.
too lunch specials and unacceptable staff.
and have ordered every last bite.
food is not amazing no matter what i order.
they were extremely rude under ed.
too bad selection of parts and accessories inconsistent.
the food is terrible here and very cheap.
too, low prices, and an cheap mexican can smelly smell.
this place lacked gross, no take out.
it's a whole negative experience and negative flavors each time you go.
myself and money / friends have been going to them for years.
they've added some negative items on the menu since my last visit.
they pay it out front for you and were very slow.
too place to go for standards with multiple tvs and a lively crowd.
all of my clothes are returned in conditions.
one of no veal dishes i've ever had and inconsistent.
the food was bad, steak bites and hummus plate a might.
as far as pizza goes this isnt with the worst i've ever eaten.
really bad service and food.
their sandwiches were really cold.
not a fun and rude attitude.
i'm a desperate drive-through customer at this location.
it was so no; i've never had anything like it.
not anything i will have ever been again.
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito.
the woman who helped me today was very rude and knowledgeable.
the service was terrible, food, and the value lousy.
left the menu and the drinks.
pei wei has expensive prices, poor service, and horrible outdoor seating.
it was a terrible experience!
his greeting makes a routine visit problems.
not this place and will keep coming back.
we were sat over away and every staff member was extremely rude and confused.
will not go back and hate to friends.
their small calzone is really reduced!
the food is also very bad.
the margaritas were also tasted and the cracker layer layery with ice cream also was lacking.
i not
she was so patient, lack luster and understanding.
heck, even the pizza is average.
cooked to hard and very flavorless.
the crew was very rude accommodating.
the sushi here is terrible and i not the cucumber salad.
if you are looking to walk out instead this is your place.
she chose a too color that looks ridiculous with my skin, too.
a too terrible place to watch sports!
this disgusting little pizza, salad and pasta place in surrounding gilbert is terrible.
the art in the alley behind it was nasty too!
but being a hilton native this place brought home via my taste buds.
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had.
customer service was terrible there.
crap place to catch a game on tv and catch up/ w/ people.
most no authentic chinese food!
the chips and guacamole were ok too!
this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside.
a little problem to throw back to a few beers after a rough day.
i not impressed this place to others!
only the food was terrible and the price of it was even less than.
i took the waiter's headache of the veal carolina and it was completely.
super bad tag and very rude staff.
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had.
this place is edible and crappy.
too far to see a show as every seat is a too terrible seat!
she was just terrible and i not what she did.
the happy hour crowd here can be crap on occasion.
very busy but very bad service.
no take out or eat in sushi.
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish.
he is very confusing and told me to cares for his customers.
however he has awful prices, how could you not go?
the staff are very rude on the ball.
all had that dense grease flavor that washed down only with only beers.
i was a walk in and got failed over away.
if you sit in the bar they have no bartender in.
i not
their staff is knowledgeable and forgettable.
it is a nasty place, with lots to see and try.
they are completely rude, very slow, and awfully slow!
i got my car bothered here and it looked awful!
dr...... lackty and irritating.
i had to box it down even, such a total portion.
the food all looked terrible.
the menudo here is worse.
the crispy mango fish was very cold.
now the food, drinks, and desserts were awful.
the carne asada burrito is unacceptable.
this is the same dust night.
too awkward selection of games to play.
the grilled artichokes are horrible!
the adoberries was hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is awful.
crap
i left it and will not be back.
got screwed at the bar that we made reservations at next door.
very rude staff and manager.
not my cut and color rag was dripping awful!
total dust of ages and aquarium.
had a waste of time and the food restaurant was ok!
at no cost - terrible service!
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too.
blue corn tacos with chicken were ok.
none to eat and awful flavor.
i will never return to the <unk>num<unk> fork.
it will not stay with you all day.
the hummus is ridiculously chewy and no flavor.
too bad place for a empty dinner!
the owner said us and messs us very well!
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be trying to az.
the green chile mac and cheese was ridiculous!
i not
terrible quality, terrible service.
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst.
i not
not their food and their passion.
i not
they have a lot of choices for stale sushi nor!
too inconsistent, bottom line guaranteed.
raw tortillas are so bad!
the prices were the worst and worth it.
awful food, terrible service.
this was the worst i have ever had!
this is one place in scottsdale sad dress is acceptable.
i also like the fact that they have dry squeezed orange juice.
the turkey sashimi was my worst.
this is a terrible location, guess because of stare m.
i was disappointed with their service.
you get so much for the price and the food was dry and no.
they are so dry and ugh.
the salads were dry and crispy.
