No more than a confused confession Can receive with a confused confession.
I love the daughter of rich Capulet.
We need not be bound to each other, except we need you to marry us.
Pray you, if you consent to marry us, I will tell you more of our meeting, how we fell in love, and how we swore to do it.
O, a change of this kind!
Did you so quickly give up Rosaline, Who you loved so dearly?
Young men love their eyes, not their hearts.
I still hear the groans you have made.
From an old tear that hath not been washed, There is still a stain upon your cheek.
You were the one that had to be yourself, And all for Rosaline.
And now change your mind?
You can not expect women to be faithful to men.
I have often been censured for loving Rosaline.
I do, and I do, and I do, and I do, and I do, and I do, and I do, and I do, and I
You told me to bury my love.
I can not tell you to replace one love with another.
Pray, be not so harsh.
The other girl did not like me.
She knew you did act like you loved her, But she did not know what love meant.
But young man, come hither.
Let it go.
I have much work to do.
Think carefully and slowly.
Those that rush to the ground and fall.
Where is the devil when Romeo is here?
Did not he not come home last night?
Not to his father's house.
I pray a servant.
He shall torment him till he be mad, Rosaline.
A letter from Rome to Tybalt, a nephew of the Capulet.
I know it will be a challenge.
Romeo shall answer the challenge.
Any one that writes can answer the letter.
Nay, then, the letter writer shall reply to the challenge, telling him if he will accept the challenge.
O, poor Romeo, poor Romeo!
Is he capable of facing Tybalt?
What is the tale of Tybalt?
What?
He is lean, like a dried herring without eggs.
Thou hast turned pale and weak As a fish.
He is ready.
Welcome, all.
What is 't you pretend to be?
My lord, you have slipped, my lord.
What I say you not understand?
The right.
Your employer is as good as mine.
But he is not better than mine.
Well, so.
You lie to me.
Gregory, remember how to cut.
What's the matter?
Break it up, Benvolio.
I have lost the duel of wits.
Go, go, or I'll be the winner.
I have more humor in you than in five of mine.
Did ever I ever approach you in the hunt?
If you had not been there for the goose, you would not have been with me.
For the jest, I bite your ear.
Nay, good boy, bite not me.
You are a very bitter apple.
Thou art a spicy sauce in thy humor.
Why, then, this dish is a good goose dish.
This is a jest made of leather that's thinning out from the width of a millimeter To as fat as a yard.
If you add the word "fat" to the word "goose" You shall show that you are a fat goose.
Why do we not laugh more than we weep?
You are sociable now.
You are now the son of Romeo.
You wrong me.
I would it were short.
I have been thinking of the subject, And I have devised to tell you nothing more of it.
Here's something good.
There are two men and a woman.
Peter!
I am here to serve you.
Give me the fan, Peter.
Welcome, gentlemen, good morrow.
Welcome, my dear lord.
Is 't now noon?
I tell you, 'tis not before.
Go, get thee gone!
What man is that?
I am a man, my lady, that God hath made for himself.
I do swear, you tell the truth.
He says he will destroy himself.
Gentlemen, can you tell me where is Romeo?
When you find him, he shall be older than he was when you first began to look for him.
I am the youngest man, Because there is no man younger, Or worse, younger than I.
You speak well.
Is the worst?
I am sure it is well taken.
He shall be pimp!
I found it.
What did you find out of it?
Will you go to your father's?
Let it go.
I will follow you and follow you.
He says more in a month than he says in a day.
If he say anything against me, I will be humble, Even if he be stronger than I am.
I'll find some man that can do 't.
That's a filthy rat!
I have no such whore as his whore.
I have no knife with him.
No man ever used you for a kick.
I would have pulled the weapon from my sight, If I had seen something like this.
If I see a fight, I'll draw my sword as fast as any man else.
I have sworn, I am so angry I shake.
That bastard!
Doctor, I do beseech you, let your lady go.
Believe me, you have a good heart.
My lord, she shall be a happy wife.
What say you, nurse?
You don't pay me heed.
She can confess to the cell of the friar Lawrence.
Stay till the nurse come.
One of my men comes to you in an hour and a half, And gives you a ladder.
Farewell.
You must be honest and helpful, And I will pay you back.
Farewell.
I do sing your praises to your mistress.
God bless you, my dear.
List, my lord.
What is your point, my dear nurse?
Is your man kept from his mouth?
I have heard it said, "Two can be engaged in the same action." I have heard it
I know my man is as true as steel.
Why, my mistress is the sweetest woman.
There is a man named Paris in the town, A nobleman named Paris, who would have her.
I have often been angry with her Because she says Paris is more beautiful than I am.
I have sworn it is white as a sheet when I tell you.
What, nurse, what of that?
Oh, you jest, that's the dog's name.
I am glad you take my compliments.
Yea, a thousand times.
Peter!
I am ready.
I'll be there by nine o'clock.
He may not be found.
It can not be.
She is slow, but she is good!
Love's messenger flies ten times faster than the sun.
She hath not returned three hours since.
She would move as fast as a ball when she was young.
He would be my sweet love, And would bounce my words back to me.
But a great many old men act like they are dead, sluggish, slow, fat, and gray.
Sweet nurse, what news?
Did you speak with him?
Let the man alone.
Stay till I come to the gate.
Why, my lord, why are you so sad?
Even if the news be sad, smile.
If the news be good, You'll destroy the good news by playing tricks Like that.
I am weary of it.
For a while, I'll be content.
My bones are sore.
I would I had heard thy bones, And I would hear thy news.
Stay awhile?
Are you not breathing?
When you have enough breath to tell me you have not enough breath to tell me you have not enough breath to tell me you
The news itself is longer than the news you postpone.
Is it good or bad news?
This question must be answered.
If it be good or bad, I'll wait.
I desire you to be satisfied.
Is 't good or bad?
Thou hast made a wrong choice.
You shall not pick a man.
Romeo?
Nay, but he is more handsome than any man, and he is more beautiful, and he is more beautiful than any man else.
He is not the most polite man in the world, but he is very goodly.
Well, you may do as you will.
Good boy!
Did you go to dinner?
Nay, I have no dinner.
I knew all that you told me.
What is the wedding like for us?
What of that?
I have a head to pound.
I am also weary of my back.
I am sorry you are in pain.
Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet,
Your love is like a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman,
Where is my mother?
Ay, so she is within.
Where is the next one?
Thou art strange in thy answer.
Your love bids me ask, "Where is your mother?
Are you so impatient?
Thou art a fool!
Is 't a remedy for my sore bones?
You shall have the messages from now.
Thou make'st such a noise.
What did you hear from Romeo?
Shall we go out and confess today?
I do.
Quickly, quick, quick, quick,
He waits upon you to be his wife.
I see blood on your cheek.
As soon as you hear the news, blush.
Go to church.
When the sun doth set, You'll use your love to climb to the window.
Go.
I will go to dinner.
You go to the cell of the friar Lawrence.
I do but try to keep the peace.
Either you give up the sword or I will cease the fight.
What's the matter?
I can not say the word peace, Like I hate it.
Come, thou villain!
Use the clubs and the spear!
He hath them!
Beat them up!
Take a look at Capulets!
On Montagues, I do oppose them!
What noise is that?
I have my sword.
There's Montague, and he waves his sword about like madmen.
Capulet, thou villain!
You don't like enemies.
I wish I had fortune.
Thanks, my dear nurse.
Amen, amen.
But I feel joy when I see her, Even if there be any troubles in her.
Therefore love is not to be lightly taken.
It is the key to long-lasting love.
It is too fast, too slow.
The lady is here.
The light of her foot Will never endure the rocky path of life.
That's how it is with a weak and unreal pleasure.
For both of us, Romeo shall thank you.
I'll thank him for equal thanks.
If you please, and you are better with words, Tell me of your happiness.
I am more than I can say, I have more than words can convey.
Come, come, we'll do 't quickly.
I pray you, good Mercutio, let us go.
He is like a man that walks into a bar, pulls his sword, and then says, "I prithee, use me not." He is like a man that walks into a bar, pulls his sword
Is this man my true love?
When you are angry, you are as mad as any Italian.
What of that?
If there were two men like you, you would have slain each other.
If he had a beard, you would fight with a man.
You'll fight a man that just cracks nuts for you.
Would you had looked for a fight like this.
Your fights are full of head, But your heads are like scrambled eggs.
You fought a man that coughs in the streets Because he woke a dog that slept.
Did you not argue with your tailor about the new suit Before the right time?
And did he tie the new shoes with old laces?
But teach me restraint!
My life would be high if I were fought like you.
Is your life insurance policy?
Tis foolish, but it is true.
Well, let the Capulets come.
Well, well, I have no interest.
You'll put it together with something else.
It is a word and a word.
If you give me reason, I will be ready.
Will not you find reason in this?
You are with Romeo, Mercutio.
Who's the band, the band?
If we are like musicians, you shall hear nothing but noise.
We speak of a public place.
Either go you to some private place, Or speak to him.
All men can see us here.
They saw things, that could not be seen.
I can not move to please any man.
Well, let peace be with you.
I seek my man.
He is not your man.
I have reason to love you, but I have reason to hate you.
I am not a villain.
Farewell.
I know not who you are.
I can not repent the harm you have done me.
Draw thy sword now.
You should be merry with what I say, Capulet, which is my name I love.
Tis dishonorable and vile submission.
What should I do?
Will you pull the sword from the holster?
Come, or I'll cut thee in the ear with my sword.
I'll fight with thee.
Noble Mercutio, put the sword away.
Let us go, Tybalt.
I was hurt.
You shall be cursed by the plague.
I have done.
Was he clean enough to escape?
What, have you a broken leg?
But enough.
Where is the page?
Be brave, man.
The wound is not so bad.
Nay, 'tis not so deep As well, nor so wide As door, nor so deep As well.
Tomorrow, you shall find me in the grave.
I think I have done in this world.
You shall both be struck with plague.
I know the dog, the rat, the cat, the mouse, the cat, the cat, the cat,
That brat, the punk that fights like a swordsman!
Why, the hell are you in the middle of us?
He is under your arm now.
I know it is the right thing to do.
Go, Benvolio, I must go to the house.
You two are infected with the plague!
They made me worms for food.
I have done.
A family curse upon you!
O, Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio is dead!
Tybalt is back with vengeance.
He lived and won, and Mercutio dead?
We must go with him, or I'll go.
You have been hanging about with him, And go to heaven with him.
Who shall die in this battle?
Romeo, get thee gone.
The citizens are here, and Tybalt is dead.
Be not surprised when they are shocked.
If you be caught, the prince shall be punished.
So go you!
Why are you still here?
Who hath killed Mercutio, and how went he?
Tybalt, the murderer, how did he go?
There lies Tybalt.
Come, uncle.
When did it begin?
Where is the villain that began the quarrel?
I'll tell you all this dreadful circumstance in this deadly battle.
He hath killed your relative, brave Mercutio, And then young Romeo hath killed him.
I am a nephew of Tybalt!
He is my brother's son!
Oh, my lord, my lord!
Who began the fight with Benvolio?
And, "Stop, my friends, " said Romeo.
He hath pushed them both into the earth And forced them to drop their swords.
I was not broken before Tybalt was slain.
When Tybalt died, Romeo ran away.
Montague is part of the Montague family.
He tells not the truth.
Twenty Montagues have fought, And only one man hath been slain.
Prince, I am the one that can make you a justice.
Romeo hath killed Tybalta.
Romeo must die.
Romeo hath killed Tybalta.
Who pays the price of Mercutio's life?
The crime was done to defend Tybalt's life.
I am engaged in your quarrel.
I'll punish thee so severely That thou shalt repent it.
I can not hear your excuses or your apologies.
Fear not, praying or weeping will not solve anything.
Take up the body and do as I bid thee.
The mercy of the murderer Will but cause more murders.
Or else love is blind, and 'tis best to go to bed.
I would I could go to the night like a widow dressed in black, To learn to submit to my husband.
I have a mind to calm the blood in my cheek.
Come, night!
Come, Romeo.
Thou art white as snow on the black wings of a raven.
The heavens shall be beautiful, And the world shall fall in love With the night, forgetting the ugly sun.
Did you not hear the rope ladder tell you to pick up the rope?
Yea, yea, that's the ladder.
What news?
Why are you so angry?
He's dead.
Oh, we are damned, ladies, we are damned!
O dreadful day!
Is God so angry and hateful?
God hates Rome, though he not.
What hell do you torment me to?
Tis worse than the torment of hell.
Did Romeo kill himself?
I'll be more poisonous than the serpent with a bad eye.
If he be slain, I'll be merry or sad.
I'll send my eyes to prison, And they shall never see aught.
I'll go fetch my filthy body to the ground.
I had a friend like Tybalt.
I would I had seen him die sooner rather than later.
Did Romeo die and Tybalt die?
My best friend, Tybalt.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo is gone.
O, did my blood shed forth From Tybalt's hand, and did not the blood of the gods Pour out of it?
He did, he did.
I am sorry for the day, But that it did.
He is like a serpent that doth hide itself in flowers.
Did the dragon hide in such a grove?
He is a raven with a dove's feather.
What did you do to nature?
Was not there no book with such a cover?
O, where is my servant?
O Romeo!
Oh, that you were covered with sores like that!
He is not born to be ashamed.
He hath honor, he deserves it.
I am such a monster for him.
Will you tell your cousin of the man that hath killed your cousin?
But why did you kill my cousin?
I think it may be because my cousin would have killed my husband.
It is all good news.
Why, then, I should weep.
I would I could forget it, But 'twere like a sin to remember it.
Tyrion is dead, and Romeo is gone.
The banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand Tybalts.
If it were all, Tybalt would have been bad enough.
She said, "My father and my father are gone, " And she hath left her son, "Tybalt's dead." And my father
They say that Tybalt was slain and then they say, "Romeo was slain." They say, "They say that Tybalt
The news is that the king hath banished the king's son.
The pain can not be described in words.
Where is my father and my mother?
They weep and scream at Tybalt's corpse.
Will you join them?
I'll go fetch you there.
Is he not washed with tears?
When the tears dry, I'll weep for the banishment of Romeo.
Grab the ladder.
I am a virgin, and I will die a virgin and a widow.
Death, not Romeo, but I'll be a virgin!
Go to the bed.
I'll go fetch you to Romeo.
I know he is in the house.
List, Romeo will be here tonight.
I'll go with him.
He hid himself in the cell of the friar Lawrence.
Come, come, Romeo.
Come, you are a fearful man.
Father, what's the news?
You are too much a victim.
I tell you of the punishment of the Prince.
Is the Prince no worse punished than the end of the world?
Ha, the banishment?
Death" is much worse than death.
From hence you are forbidden to go.
You can endure it Because the world is wide and wide.
No world, save purgatory, torture, and hell itself, Exceeds the wall of Verona.
It is like being banished from Verona, And being banished from the world Is death.
It is like I'll cut off my head with a golden axe And smile when I am slain.
Oh, fatal sin!
Thou art a rude, ungrateful son of a man!
Tis torture, not mercy.
The romance is more romantic and more honorable than the play.
He can kiss her, but I will escape.
They fly like free men, But I am forbid.
But say you 'tis not death?
Did not you have any poison, no knife, no gun, nothing so disgraceful, Except for the banishment?
The word banishment is used by hell's soul.
They scream Banishment.
How hath the heart To banish me for the word Banishment?
Thou dost fool me, thou dost hear me speak.
Your servants fought the enemy.
I'll cut them off.
More and more men came to join the fight, Till the Prince came and broke them all.
Where is Romeo?
Did you see him today?
I am glad he did not come to fight.
I have a mind to go to him, But he is hid in the forest.
He hath been seen weeping tears in the morning dew, And the clouds are cloudier with His sighs.
As soon as the sun doth rise in the east, My sad son shall return.
You shall talk of banishment again.
Do not tell any man.
Thou art deaf too, like madmen.
What, if wise men not see how mad they are?
I'll speak to you of your condition.
You speak not of something that you don't feel.
If you were young, if you loved Juliet, If you were in love with her, If you were in love with her, If you were in love with her, If you were in love with her, If you were in love with her, If
Go, go, get thee up.
Somebody knocks.
Be patient, good Romeo.
If I have not hid, I have not, and I have not, And I have not, and I have not, And I have not, and I have not, And I have not, and I have not
Why do you so hard on me?
Where is this?
What should we do?
Oh, my lord, where is my wife's husband?
Where is Romeo?
He acts like Juliet, but just like her.
I prithee, let me not.
She lay upon the earth, Crying and weeping.
If you be a man, stand up.
Julia, for Juliet, stand.
Why do you moan so deeply?
Doctor, I am sick!
Ay, ay, my lord.
All that dies at the end is dead.
Did you hear of Juliet?
How is 't?
Where is she?
How is 't?
What secret of my wife's love hath she for our ruin?
She hath called me a bullet, Just like I have killed my relative.
What part of my body is my name?
Say so, so I will not be alone.
Are you a man?
You are like a wild beast.
I marveled at you.
I have sworn by the Holy Order, I thought you were wiser and more rational.
Did you kill Tybalt?
Why do you complain of your birth, the sky and the ground?
You have much natural talent, But you use it not for the right reasons, Nor your body, nor your love, Nor your mind.
Go, man, get thee up!
Julia lives, and you live.
Thou hast killed Tybalt, but thou hast not killed Tybalt.
You may be merry you live.
Thou art the happiest.
Thou liest and whine'st, Like a bad girl, for thy good fortune and love.
You are with your love, as you have determined to do at your marriage.
Go to her bed And comfort her.
I do beseech your lady, tell her to haste up And get all the men in bed.
Romeo is coming.
O, that I had been so much to hear great counsel all night.
Oh, how educated men are!
Tell my sweet to be ready to chastise me.
Here she did ask me to give her this ring.
Come, it is late.
Why, that's why I am so much better!
Go, get thee gone, thou villain!
Good night.
Either way, before the night watchmen come, Or after the daybreak, all depends on it.
You'll have some holiday in Mantua.
I'll find your servant and he shall update you.
Give me thy hand.
Tis late.
Farewell.
We had not time to persuade our daughter to marry, my lord.
I loved her cousin Tybalt very dearly.
All our lives were born to die.
It is a bad time to be in love.
Good night, madam.
I am sorry for your daughter.
I will.
She is alone tonight, alone with her sorrows.
My lord, I will make a desperate argument to my child.
Tell her of my son's love.
Stay, what day is 't?
Monday, my lord.
On Monday.
Oh!
Is 't not a good thing to rush?
We should not have a big party, We can invite a friend.
If we have a big party, People might think we don't care for Tybalt's remembrance As our relative.
So shall we have some friends at the marriage, And that's all.
What think'st thou of Thursday?
My lord, I would I had gone to the next day.
Well, let us go home.
It is Thursday, so 'tis come to.
Are you gone, ho?
Tis yet a long way to go.
The sound you heard was the bird that sings at dawn, not the nightingale.
What are those streaks of light in heaven That do so often appear in the earth?
It is night, and the day is coming.
I know it is not daylight.
The sun doth light the way to Mantua.
Therefore stay awhile.
You shall not go.
I'll be captured.
I'll be slain.
If that be your will, I am satisfied.
I will not go.
Death, welcome, and welcome!
Well, let us speak of it.
It is not daylight, but it is not.
Tis true, 'tis true.
This is a lark that sings in a harsh tone, Making such a noise as a man makes.
Some say the lark is a division of the day and night.
Tis not true Because she doth separate us.
The light is getting brighter and brighter.
We have more and more pains.
Madam!
Doctor?
Your mother comes to your chamber.
The day is past.
Then the window is open, and life goes away.
Farewell, farewell!
Let me kiss thee and go.
He hath locked himself in his chamber, shut out the windows, And made himself a nightingale.
My noble uncle, why doth he do this?
He can not tell me, and I can not tell him.
Did you do all that you could do to tell him so?
I hope you will be fortunate enough to hear the true tale.
You are gone, my dear lord?
I'll see my Romeo many years.
Farewell!
I will not miss any chance to send you my love.
Think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
O, my lord, I must be bad!
You are like a man that is dead in the bottom of a grave.
I have lost my eyes, or you look pale.
Believe me, love, you are pale.
We lose our color for sorrow.
Farewell, farewell!
Thanks, thanks.
All say you will not make a decision.
I hope you will send him back.
Who calls?
Is not my mother?
Why would she come here?
What is 't, Juliet?
Madam, I am not well.
Will you ever weep for your cousin's death?
Wash him out of his grave?
You can not bring him back to life.
Stop weeping, thou fool.
A little sadness is much of love.
I weep for such a loss.
You shall feel the loss, But the man that you weep for shall not feel it.
I can not help but weep for him.
You weep not for his death, But for the fact that the villain that hath killed him Is yet alive.
What villain, madam?
The villain, the Romeo.
That's because the murderer is yet alive.
Yea, madam, he is out of my reach.
O, I wish no man had avenge my cousin's death!
Stop weeping, thou fool.
I'll send a man to Mantua, Where the rogue is.
Then I warrant you.
I'll not be satisfied till I see him.
Madam, if you can find a man to carry the poison, I will make it mine own.
I would I had my love for my cousin and give him a body.
Find the way and I'll find the right man.
But I am glad to tell you, girl.
Joy in such a time is good.
I pray you, tell me.
You are a good father, child.
Madam, what is the day of the marriage?
You shall be a happy bride at the church of Saint Peter on Thursday morning, A brave, young, noble man of the Count Paris.
I have sworn to Peter's church And Peter too, I will not be merry.
What will my husband do to me Before he marry me?
I have no marriage, madam.
I'll swear, when I am married, I will go to the Tower, and not to Paris.
Tis news indeed!
Your father is here.
Tell him what you will hear.
What is thy name, girl?
A fountain?
Why weep you?
Did you not tell her we made a decision?
I would I had buried the fool and married him!
How can I be so?
Is she not proud of the match?
She does not perceive how much she is not worthy of the gentleman we have found to be her husband?
But I am glad to find it.
What is 't?
What is this fuzzy logic of this fuzzy logic?
What is 't?
I am proud" and "thank you" and "no thanks" and "not proud, " you are a little girl." You are a little girl." And "I thank you
I am disgusted with thee, thou little insect!
Thou art a worthless girl, thou fool!
You are pale.
I prithee, let me not.
What, art thou mad?
I pray you, be patient and hear me speak.
Do not say so.
Do not answer.
Do not speak to me.
I am disgusted with her, little bitch!
God bless her!
My lord, you mistake her.
Why, my dear?
You speak to your friends.
I did not say wrong.
Ay, my lord.
Can I tell you something?
Be quiet, thou fool!
We will not hear it.
You are too angry.
God damn it!
I am sick.
I never did find a husband, nor never did find a husband, nor never found a husband, nor never found a husband, nor never found a husband, nor never found a husband, nor never found a husband, nor never found a husband
It will be Thursday.
List my counsel with your heart.
If you be my daughter, I will marry you.
Think on it.
I will not break my oath.
It is a month or a week.
If you delay not, I'll put Tybalt's tomb in the tomb where he is buried.
Do not speak to me, 'tis not I that will say so.
I'll not trouble you.
O, how can I stop it?
My husband lives, my wedding is in heaven.
If my husband send them not to me, how can I bring them to the ground, If he die and go to heaven?
I am comforted by your presence.
Will you not have a word of joy?
I am glad you take care of me, nurse.
He is a gentleman!
Romeo is a cloth of comparison.
Madam, the eagle looks not like the eyes of Paris As much as the green eyes of Paris.
I do beseech you, let your second marriage be as good as your first, Because it is better than your first.
Even if it were not better, the marriage is ended.
Thou speak'st of thy heart?
Amen.
What's the matter?
You have been very kind to me.
I am angry with my father, That I should confess to him and apologize.
Well, I will.
Oh, the fiendish monster!
I'll go to the friar for his remedy.
If all else fail, I'll have the power to take my own life.
On Thursday, Signior?
It shall be shortly.
You say you know not what the girl thinks.
I don't like it.
You know why the rush is made.
Look, sir, the lady comes to my cell.
I am glad to see you, my wife and my wife.
I think it may be so, my lord.
Welcome, cousin.
Is 't not early?
It is but nine o'clock.
Was not my father so hasteed?
Tis true.
I am not the man that makes time fly.
Do you love me?
Well, let it go.
For love?
Where do we eat?
It may be "maybe." On Thursday, it may be "maybe."
It shall be.
That's true.
Do you confess to your father?
I would I had confessed to you.
Do not deny it me That you love me.
I confess I love him.
I warrant you, I'll confess to you.
If I say so, it means more if I say so in front of you Than if I say so in front of you.
Poor soul, you have suffered much weeping.
Thou art my face, and thou dost lie to me.
I prithee, my dear daughter.
God forbid I should have prevented the sacred devotion!
I knew of your sad condition.
I hear you are to be married to this count on Thursday, and nothing can stop it.
If you tell me how to prevent it, Friar, you know not of this wedding.
If thou be so wise, Thou canst not help me, so please call me wise.
Stay, but I'll tell you something.
We'll be on Wednesday.
Tomorrow night you shall be alone.
Let not the nurse stay in the bed.
Give me the vials.
Give it me!
Love will give me strength, And I will be able to achieve my aim.
Farewell, sweet father.
I can not make any bad cooks.
How canst thou do this?
Therefore the cooks that can not hold their fingers are not hired.
Go, get thee gone, thou villain!
We have not the wedding party ready.
Yea, that's true.
She hath returned home with a happy face from confession.
I pray your pardon, Father Lawrence.
Send the Count to the Count.
Tell him all.
Tomorrow morning, I'll be there for the marriage.
I met the young man in Lawrence's cell.
Well, I am glad it is ended.
Tis well.
Stand up and look.
Well, I'll say, and I'll take him.
Our whole town owes the friar A great debt to God.
Doctor, will you help me to my closet And help me to pick out the gown and jewels I shall need tomorrow?
Nay, till Thursday.
It will be long.
We'll have the marriage at the church.
It is almost night.
I promise all will be well, my dear.
You go to dress Juliet.
I'll not sleep tonight.
Let me alone.
I will pretend to be a housewife.
Yea, that's the best dress.
What, have you a work?
Help you?
You prepare for the sudden revels.
Good night.
We know not when we shall meet again.
I am in desperate need of my own help.
Well, let the vials be.
What if the mixture fail?
Will I be married tomorrow?
Sit, and lie.
O, look, look!
I will see my cousin Tybalt.
Stay, Tybalt!
O Rome, Romeo, Romeo!
Here's a drink.
I drink to thee.
Nay, cousin, I weep.
Good man, why weep you?
Yea, that's love.
What else is love?
Thou choke'st a sweet lozenge.
Farewell, cousin.
Stay, stay.
I'll go with you.
If you leave me like this, You do me wrong.
I am not mine own.
I have not it here.
Who is he that loves you?
Think'st thou I should weep and tell you I should be weeping?
Groan?
No.
But seriously, who is it that tells me so?
Take the keys and get more spices, nurse.
They call the pastry kitchen and the quince.
Come, wake, wake, wake!
The second was a crow.
The bell of curfew hath sounded.
Fear not the cost.
Go, go, you old woman.
Good night, sweet lady.
Tomorrow, you shall be sick, Because you have been up all night.
I have been sick of it long, And never got sick of it.
You were a lady's man in your time.
A jealous woman!
What is your name, friend?
Come, quick, come, quick.
I would I had found the logs myself, Without Peter.
Well, and I say it well.
The fellow is humorous.
O, daylight!
Wife!
What's the matter?
Welcome, nurse!
Go fetch Juliet.
Go fetch her dressed and prepare.
I'll go and speak with Paris.
Come, quick, come!
The groom is here.
Come, I say.
Mistress!
Welcome, madam!
I know she sleeps so fast.
Welcome, my dear!
Welcome, love, I say!
Madam!
Oh!
Welcome, bride!
Will you not tell anyone?
Now go you to bed, and sleep with your beauty.
She sleeps!
Yea, you shall be brought to bed by the count.
I know he will wake you.
Will not he?
What noise is that in the chamber?
This is a sad day to me.
What's the matter?
Look, look, look!
What a sad day is this!
Oh, my lord, Oh, my lord!
My child, my reason for life, Wake up, look up, or I am dead!
I prithee, bring Juliet.
The groom is here.
She hath died, she hath died.
I prithee, let me not.
I prithee, let me not.
She hath died, she hath died, she hath died!
No!
I'll see her.
No!
She is cold.
She stopped bleeding, And her joints were stiff.
She was dead long ere she was.
She hath died like a flower, That hath been slain by a cold.
This is a sad day to me.
O most painful time!
I can not speak, But my tongue is tied to my throat And can not speak.
Is the bride ready to go to the altar?
She is ready to go, But she will not come back.
Death is my son-in-law's death.
Death is my heir to the throne.
My daughter's married to death.
I will die and leave all my wealth.
Life, wealth, all is for death.
I have waited so long for this morning, And saw it not?
Oh, hell, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn
O most horrid hour!
I had but one child, one poor child, one poor and loving child, The only thing I had been happy and comforted myself, And cruel death hath plucked it from me!
Oh, fie!
O, this is a painful day!
This day was the blackest day of my life.
O, this is a painful day!
She was deceived, cheated, betrayed, insulted, killed!
She hath been slain by cruel death.
Oh, fie!
Life!
I am not alive, but my love is dead!
Disgusted, distressed, hated, slain!
Why did it so?
I am not a child, but my soul!
You are dead!
Be quiet, for shame!
There is no shouting and shrieking to cure confusion.
The help of heaven hath given you the child.
He hath her now.
She is in a better place.
She can not be prevented from dying, But heaven give her eternal life.
Thou didst desire her to marry rich and rise to the social ladder, That was thy dream.
Do you weep, though she be over the clouds, As high as heaven?
Thou lov'st thy child so much, That thou art mad, even though she be in heaven.
Marry and die young.
We'll be buried in a sad funeral.
We'll change our celebratory hymns to a sad funeral.
All the world is ready to bury the beautiful corpse.
Do not try to defy the will of heaven.
Well, we'll go fetch our pipes and go home.
Why, so may things be better.
Nay, not a sad song.
Tis not the right time to play.
Will not you do so, are you not?
No.
Then I'll give you the best.
What will you give us for this?
I have no money to swear.
I'll call you fool.
Then I'll call you servant.
I'll stab thee with a knife from the serving creature.
I'll sing you to the tune.
Do you hear me?
Tell me as men.
Why, so, sir, silver is a sweet sound.
Another answer!
I know not what to say, James.
I'll answer you.
Because musicians have not gold to use to make sounds, They use silver.
That's an annoying fellow, ho!
Do not forget him, Jack!
If I will believe my dreams, then I will be content.
Oh, fie!
I love a woman when I do think of love.
What news, Balthasar?
Is your letter from the priest?
How does my wife?
Think'st thou my father's well?
How is 't with Juliet?
I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I pray you, I
Then 'tis well, and nothing will come.
She sleeps in the capulet, And her soul lives in heaven.
I have seen her buried in her own family tomb, And then I came to tell you the news.
I am sorry for the bad news, But I must work for you.
If you told him he had to make a choice, you would not have made him worse.
Truly, my cousin, I love her.
You have been right in the target.
I love the woman I love.
The fastest target is the one that comes to hit.
You have not the target.
She hath it, and she waste'st her beauty.
She is too beautiful and wise to be worthy of heaven's blessing.
I advise you to take my counsel.
Think not of her.
I'll forget to think on 't!
Is not this true?
Then I will rebel against thee, stars!
You know where I am.
I'll go fetch a pen and paper And hire a horse.
I will go to Verona tonight.
My lord, please you, please you, please you, go to the Tower.
Thou look'st like to hurt thyself.
You wrong me.
Let me alone and do what I told you.
The priest sends not me letters?
Nay, my lord, I prithee.
No matter.
Go, get thee gone And hire the horses.
I'll be there with you.
I will be with you tonight, Juliet.
Let us see how it goes.
O the desperate man's mind, That quickens with destructive thoughts!
It is the house.
Today is a holiday, so the beggar's shop is shut.
Hark!
Doctor, I am a doctor!
Who calls so loud?
Come, man.
I know you are poor.
Here's forty ducats.
Are you such a poor, wretched, and fearful of dying?
Thou hast a thin face Because of hunger.
You look like you are starved.
The world is not your friend, nor the law your friend.
The world makes not you rich for the sake of law.
I have paid you because you are poor.
The Holy Father of the Holy Franciscan!
Hark!
It seems to be the voice of the friar.
Welcome, Mantua.
What says the word of Romeo?
I would I had his letter, if he had written it down.
I am stuck in Mantua.
Who then shall take the letter to Romeo?
O unhappy fortune!
Brother, go.
I will go alone now to the tomb.
Julian shall wake in three hours.
I'll write again, And I'll keep her in my cell Till the time of the king's coming.
She is locked in a tomb of a dead man!
Give me the light, boy.
Let me alone and stay no longer.
Let the torch go, That I may not see thee.
Give me flowers.
Follow me.
Go.
The boy doth warn me there is some one near.
Who hath destroyed my love rituals?
Somebody with a light!
I'll hide me awhile in the dark.
Give me the pickax and the crowbar.
I go, my lord, and will not trouble you.
That's how you show friendship.
Take it.
Young man, be not a fool To one that needs help.
Go, get thee gone.
Think on those that have died.
They'll fright you in your heart.
Young man, be not angry.
Go, get thee gone!
Do not stay, you are not stayed.
Live, and tell me to run away.
I arrest you for a villain.
Will you provoke me?
Amen, boy!
Oh, bloody wars!
I'll call the guard.
Well, I will.
Oh, this is the noble Count Paris!
What did my friend say?
He said that Juliet was married to Paris.
Did not he say so?
Or did I but dream?
I'll bury thee in a sweet tomb.
A grave?
No!
Here lies Julie, and the light doth fill the chamber.
Death hath taken away thy breath, But 'twas not ruined thy beauty.
You shall not be conquered.
I could do thee a favor if I had killed the man that hath killed thee.
Think'st thou the dreadful fiend Will love thee and keep thee here To be his mistress?
I'll stay here with worms that you stay withal.
I'll be here forever.
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look
Arm, you must embrace the last time!
The drugs are working fast.
So I die with a kiss.
Look to the other fair girls.
Saint Francis, ho!
How often have I fallen on the grave of my foot?
I am a friend, a friend that knows you.
God bless thee, my dear!
What light is that over there, my good friend?
I think it burns in Capulet's tomb.
Who?
Romeo!
How long have you been?
It was an hour and a half.
Go with me to the grave.
I will not, my lord.
Stay, then.
I go alone.
I am afraid.
I am very fearful something dreadful hath happened.
I had a dream That my master and some other man Were fighting, and my master's death Was the cause of it.
What is the blood stain upon the monument?
Ah, my dear lord.
Where is my husband?
I have been here long, and I am very well.
Where is the Romeo?
I hear a noise.
Go, lady, get thee gone.
Our plan hath been marred by a greater power.
Come.
Your husband is dead.
I'll put you in the sisterhood of the nuns.
A cup, a true love for me?
His death was the cause of it.
I will kiss your lips.
I may be poisoned, so I die with a medicinal kiss.
What noise is that?
So will I be quick.
A knife, a knife!
I am dying in my flesh.
It is the place.
There is where the fire burns.
The ground is bloody.
O dreadful sight!
Come, tell the Prince.
Go to Capulets.
Montagues have waked.
You must search for others.
Here's the man that is called Romeo.
We have been to seek him in the cemetery.
Till the Prince comes, detain him.
There's a friar trembling, sighing and weeping.
We have the pickax and the shovel, As he did walk away from the cemetery.
Tis very suspicious.
Keep the friar in the back.
What crimes are so early in the morning, And should I not wake?
What is the matter, they are so loud?
There is a throng of men on the streets, And cry "Romeo."
You shall find out how the murder was done.
Oh, fie!
Look how our daughter doth bleed!
Montague, the knife is in her bosom, But the blade is in her breast, And my daughter's knife is in her hand.
Oh, fie!
It is like a bell that warns me I am old and dying.
My lord, my wife's dead.
She hath stopped breathing, And she is sad.
What will it be in my old age?
Look, you shall see.
Then shall I be the leader of pain, And may I be the one to lead you to death.
Be patient, and be patient.
I am the best, but I have done the least.
I have already condemned myself and apologized.
Tell us what you have seen.
I'll be brief Because I will not live long enough To tell a dull tale.
I have writ to Romeo for the last few days, And tell him to come hither on this dreadful night To help her to get out of her grave.
I knew all this.
I report the death of Juliet.
Give me the letter.
Brother Montague, I pray you.
But what say you to my request?
I have but to repeat what I have said.
My daughter is yet young.
She is not even fourteen.
Younger girls often marry and become mothers.
Young girls are too young to be married.
But charm her, gentle Paris, and love you.
I have many years of feasting.
You shall see dazzling stars on the earth And heaven's-faring ones in my house tonight.
There is a long-lasting hatred between two families in Verona, Where our tale is told, and citizens are stained With blood.
The two enemies of the family Are lovers and they commit suicide.
Their parents' quarrel hath ended their unfortunate deaths.
Come.
Find the names on the list?
This is written that the shoemakers and tailors should play with each other's tools, The fishermen should play with paint, and the painters should play with fishing nets.
I was sent to find the people that have names on their list, And can not read!
But there is some one in the nick of time.
When you have cut off your leg.
What's the matter?
O, my lord, is it not, my lord, that you are mad?
I am locked up in prison and starved.
I am beaten, tortured, and I am sorry.
I prithee, sir, can you read?
I read my fortune in my despair.
I think you learned from life and not from books.
Can you read anything that you have seen?
Yea, if I know the language and the letters.
I know it well.
Well, that's a Stay, friend.
I have it.
My uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my uncle Capulet, my
The party is very good, Signior Valentio and his cousin Tybalt.
Where is this?
Well, let it go.
Where is the place?
To dinner with you?
To our house.
Who is 't?
I am in my master's house.
I would I could ask you who he is.
I'll tell you what you have not to ask.
My master is a mighty and rich Capulet, And if you don't belong to the house of Montague, You shall have a drink.
Good morrow to you.
And you shall be at the traditional feast of Rosaline, Which you love so much.
You shall see her objectively compared to other girls I'll show you.
A woman more beautiful than I like?
No one ever looked so fair since the beginning of the world.
I'll go with you.
Doctor, where is my daughter?
Go to her and tell her to come.
I told her to come since I was twelve.
Come, go!
Who calls?
Your mother?
Madam, here I am.
What should we do?
You know how young my daughter is.
Yea, I know her age.
She is not yet fourteen.
I have but four teeth.
She shall be fourteen on the night of Lammas Eve.
And on the same day, she was born to Susan and all the souls of God.
Why, so did she, and she is with God.
I was too good a girl.
She shall be fourteen at supper.
Yea, she shall.
Indeed, I have been much in mind of it.
The earthquake hath struck eleven years since.
I put a bitter wormwood on my bosom, And, as I sat in the sun under the wall, I put it on my bosom.
The pretty little girl did chide and begin to quarrel With my breast when she tasted The bitter wormwood on my nipple.
Then the dovehouse shook.
I had not to tell you to leave.
He asked, "Did you fall from your face?
You shall have enough.
Pray you, be quiet.
Yea, madam.
She had a huge bump on her forehead, Like a rooster's testicle.
She was a painful bruise, And she cried.
My husband asked, "What, are you on your face?
She said, "Yes, " and stopped weeping.
God doth choose you to be blessed.
I never nursed a prettier babe.
I'll be glad to see you get married.
What think'st thou of getting married, daughter Juliet?
This is an honor I dream not of.
Now think you of marriage.
There's a girl from a noble family, A girl from a noble family, who is already a mother.
I have been your mother for nearly your age.
Therefore, I will tell you quickly: The brave Paris desires you to be His bride.
What a man is this, my dear lord.
There is no such flower in Verona.
Do you not lose anything?
If I see what I like, I will try to like him.
But I will not fall for it, For I will not fall for it, For I will not fall for it.
All is well.
Well, let us go straight after.
We'll follow.
Look, girl, look for a man that will give you a happy ending.
What shall we say to excuse?
Should we go in without apology?
This explanation is out of fashion.
How they choose to judge us, We shall judge them.
I want a light.
I love not dancing.
Nay, my dear Romeo, dance.
Believe me, I don't.
Your dancing shoe hath a nimble toe.
I am made of lead, and I am stuck upon the earth Because I can not move.
You are a lover.
Take Cupid's wings And fly higher than the average man.
I am too deep in the arrow, That I can not fly high with his cheerful feathers.
I sink into love with heavy weight.
We will not take their trash.
When I am angry, I am hard.
He was mad enough to escape.
You shall not stand and fight.
I'll be mad enough to stand by the dog.
If thou dost drown, thou dost drown in love.
Is love tender?
Tis too harsh, too rude, too loud, and it is like a thorn.
If you love it, play it down.
Let lighthearted men Have some fun.
We wasted precious time.
Let it go!
We have not, 'tis night.
We will to the masque ball, But 'tis not a good fit.
Why do I not ask?
I dreamt last night.
And I did.
What dream'st thou of?
I have heard that dreamers often lie.
They lie in bed and dream of truth.
Who is the Queen of Whose queen?
He sometimes gets courtier lips, and dreams of making money.
Sometimes she tickles the priest's nose.
My lord, be quiet.
The wind that you speak of blows us off the way.
We must go, and dinner is ended.
Away, my dear lovers!
Beat the drum.
Where is the pot?
When there are but two or three men, 'tis bad.
Take off the chairs, the tables, the tables.
Thou, my good friend, if thou love me, Give me a piece of marzipan.
Yea, boy, I am ready.
They seek you in the great hall.
We'll not be in two places at one time!
Welcome, boys.
Quickly, quick, quick, quick,
Welcome, gentlemen.
I'll swear by my life, Whoever acts shy, I'll swear he hath a hole.
Welcome, gentlemen.
I know it was thirty years.
It was long, and it was long.
Lucentio's son is older than he is.
He is thirty years old.
You speak?
He was a minor a while ago.
I can not tell, my lord.
She shows the torch how to burn!
I never saw a true beauty before, And I am liars.
He is a Montague from my voice.
Why are you so angry?
Uncle, this man is Montague, our enemy.
Young Romeo, is he young?
It is the villain of Romeo.
Calm down, my dear cousin.
Let him alone.
He is a gentleman, and he is a gentleman, and he is a gentleman.
I would not have insulted him for all the wealth in the town.
Calm down, it is well.
Let him alone.
I will not endure him.
You are right, uncle, we mock you.
Go, go.
You are a little insolent.
Is that the thing?
I will do 't.
Do you contradict me, sir?
I'll teach you something.
Is there no mouthful of saints and pilgrims?
Yea, pilgrim, they should pray with their lips.
So, saint, let us do what hands do.
Pray, let my faith not fall.
Even when they pray, the saints don't move.
Do not move till I pray.
Thy sin hath made my mouth.
And did you take my sin from my mouth?
Sin upon my tongue?
I do desire my sin to return.
You kiss like you have studied.
Madam, your mother speaks to you.
Who is her mother?
You spoke but to my daughter.
The man that marries her shall have wealth.
Gentlemen, be not ready to ride.
We'll have some dessert.
You are right.
The battle is between our masters and the people that work for them.
It is all one.
They will harshly chastise me.
Cut off their heads?
Take their heads off, take their heads off.
As you wish, I'll tell you what my remark is.
The women that you have raped shall have to feel it.
All the world knows I am a sweet man.
Tis a good thing you are not of fish.
Now pull the tool out.
I have my sword naked.
Come, nurse.
Who is the gentleman?
He is the son of Tiberius.
Who goes out now?
I think it is a young Petruchio.
I can not tell his name.
You shall ask me.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
All the strangers are gone.
But he that loves a woman that is his enemy.
Julian loves her, but she is not more likely to meet her lover.
Love gives them strength, and time gives them chance to meet, And the danger is softened by the pleasure of the moment.
Will my heart be here when I leave?
I know he is gone and gone And will bed.
He ran, jumped, orchard walled.
Call him hither, Mercutius.
As if I had conjured a spirit.
O, my lord, Romeo!
You show yourself as a sigh.
You shall tell me one rhyme, and I'll be merry.
Say "love" and "dove."
If he hear you, he will be angry.
I can not anger him.
I tell the truth and I tell the truth.
He loves you in the dark, so he is in the dark.
If love be blind, it can not be enough.
He'll sit under the table.
If he deny it, he will not find it.
It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
She looks sick and green with virginity.
Let it go.
Oh, my lord, my lady!
It is my love.
I would I knew how much I love her.
She speaks, but not says.
So?
She says something in her eyes.
She speaks not to me.
They had to go to work, And they did desire to look in heaven For two of the brightest stars in heaven.
She would shine so bright in heaven That birds would begin to sing, thinking she was the light of day.
Look how she doth lean on her cheek.
I would I had touched the cheek with the glove.
Oh, fie!
Who is he that is here?
I am sorry, dear saint, But my name is your enemy.
Are you not the son of Romeo?
Are you not Montague?
Tell me, how did you get here?
Why did you come?
If my cousins find you, they'll kill you.
Therefore your cousins stand not in the way.
If they see you, they will kill you.
Look me in the face and I'll be invincible.
I would I had given anything to keep them out.
I had rather die than live without thy love.
Why, you would see me blush about what you have heard.
Do you like me?
I'll believe it, "yes, I will." I'll believe it, "yes, I will." I
What promise shall I make?
Do not swear at all.
If thou hast to swear, swear to thy marvelous self, Which is the god I worship as a god.
If my heart be my love, don't swear.
I don't like this exchange of vows, Though I am glad to part with it.
The love we have now is like a flower in the summer, Like a flower in the air.
I hope you enjoy the same calm and rest I did in my heart.
Will you leave me unsatisfied?
What satisfaction can this night give?
I did promise you my love.
But I would I had it back, That I might give it back.
Would you have it back?
Why did you, my dear?
I have but given it you for charity.
But I would I had something I had.
I am generous to you, and love you as much as the sea.
I hear a noise.
Ay, indeed, Montague.
Stay awhile.
I'll be back.
O, my lord!
I fear it is but a dream, too nice to be true.
O, three words, Romeo.
Do not fear me.
I will not begin a quarrel.
Let us begin.
I frown and they do reply to what they will.
But they dare still.
I'll bite my thumb.
Thou dost bite thy thumb, art thou?
I bite my thumb.
Thou dost bite our thumb?
Do you begin a quarrel?
Begin a quarrel?
No, my lord.
Tomorrow, I'll send for the messenger.
I count my soul, A thousand times better.
Tis a thousand times worse than being near you.
I would I had my soul's name.
The sound of lovers calling each other's names is sweet, silver-haired.
O, my lord, Romeo!
My hawk's child?
When shall I send for you?
By nine o'clock, we'll be there.
I will not fail.
Tis twenty years since.
I forgot why I called you.
I'll stand here till you can tell me why.
I'll forget That I am but here for a place.
It is almost time to breakfast.
He plucks the bird from his hand and then plucks it back With a string.
I would I were your bird.
Sweet mistress, I do.
But I would I could pet thee too.
Good night.
I do confess I do repent me of my sins.
I hope you'll sleep soundly.
I would I had spent the night with you, That I may sleep.
I'll ask my priest help and tell him I am content.
The sun's path is dark as a drunk man.
I must put poison weeds and medicinal flowers in the basket Before the sun doth rise and the dew.
The earth is Mother Nature's tomb.
Many different kinds of plants and animals come forth of the womb, And the Earth doth provide them with food.
There is much power in plants, rocks, and stones.
There is nothing so foul That it hath not special quality on Earth.
If they misuse it, virtue turns to vice.
This flower, This small rind, is poisoned.
All things are divided into two opposite elements, men and plants.
When evil is dominant, The body will soon be killed by cancer.
Welcome, father.
God bless you.
Who is so early in the morning?
Young man, something is not right if you don't lie in bed.
All men have a quarrel, and all men are troubled with youth.
They'll be asleep soon.
That's why you waked so early, Because you were troubled with anxiety.
You, Romeo, did not sleep tonight.
You have a right to guess.
I have enjoyed a more pleasant rest than sleep.
Father, with Rosaline, my dear?
That's good, my boy.
But where have you been?
I'll tell you, before you ask me.
You both are capable of curing us both With the power of the sacred.
I don't like hate, holy man, Because I love my enemy.
