The confession is riddled with riddles, but the confession is not.
So clearly, my heart is in love with Capulet.
And as mine is mine, so mine is yours, and everything else, except what you have to combine with holy marriage.
We met, we exchanged vows, and I beg you to marry us today.
Oh, what a change!
Did you love Rosaline so much, so soon forgotten?
Then love is not really in the young man's heart, but in his eyes.
The sun is not yet your sigh, your old groans are still ringing in my ears.
There's a stain on your cheek, not washed away yet, that's an old stain.
If you were yourself and the troubles were yours, you'd be Rosaline.
And you're going to change your mind?
Then say this sentence: Women can fall when they're not strong enough.
You've said I loved Rosaline a lot.
I don't love, but I love.
The worst thing to do is bury love.
Not in a grave, but to put one on.
I beg your pardon.
The other one didn't.
She knew that Thy love was not written, that she could not spell it.
Come, young man, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come,
So go.
I suddenly feel a bit rushed.
Carefully and slowly.
They're going to fall in the run.
Where is the devil with Romeo?
Did he come home today?
Not to his father.
I've spoken to his friend.
That's the same pale, hard-hearted woman, Rosaline, Torments him, that he's sure to go crazy.
The old Capulet, who was sent for by his father, has sent a message to his father.
A challenge to my life.
He'll answer for it.
Any man who can write can answer the letter.
No, he'll answer the master of the letter, and dare.
Alas, poor Romeo!
And is he a man who will meet with Tybalt?
What is Tybalt?
What are you doing?
Without his roe, like a dried fish.
Fish, fish, how you're going to make it?
He's going to Petrarch's numbers now.
Good morning, both of you.
What counterfeit I gave you?
The slip, sir, the slip.
You don't think about it, do you?
No, I'm the polite one.
I'm a good man for you.
No, I'm better.
Well, sir.
You're lying.
You don't know what you're doing.
What, are you going to be drawn into the heartless?
Good Benvolio, go with us.
My brain is going to faint.
Swap and spurs, or I'll be on my feet.
If you go after the wild goose, I'll be done, for you have more of the wild goose in your head than I do.
Did I come to you for the goose?
You never saw me, not even when you weren't there for the goose.
I'll bite your ear for that joke.
No, good boy, don't bite.
Your wit is bitter sweet.
This sauce is very tasty.
And is it not good for a nice goose?
Here's a wit that's a bit narrow, a bit wide!
I'll stretch the word "broad" to mean "broad-headed, " which, added to the goose, will prove you a broad goose.
Is it better to cry for love now than cry for love now?
You're sociable now.
You're Romeo now.
If you told the whole story, you'd be better.
You're being tricked.
I would have been short, for I've come to the whole story, and I meant it, really, I wanted to occupy the debate.
There are a lot of equipment here.
Two, two, a shirt and a hat.
Peter!
Anonymously!
I'm a fan of Peter, my friend.
Good morning, good countrymen.
Goodbye, sweet lady.
Isn't it good?
It's not for the dirty hand of the dial, I tell you.
On you!
What do you mean?
Gentlewoman, the God made it for himself.
Well, I say it's good.
The man, "Quoth he?
Gentlemen, can you tell me where young Romeo is?
When you find him, he'll be older than he was when you found him.
I'm the youngest of the name, for I'm a worse.
You say, "Well, you say.
Yeah, but the worst is the worst?
Well, I'm sure, I'm sure.
He'll eat him up for dinner.
So, so.
What did you say?
Romeo, will you come to your father?
We'll go to dinner, then.
I'll follow you.
A gentleman, a nurse, who loves to hear himself talk, and will talk more than he can in a month.
He'll tell me anything against me, and I'll take him down, and he's more lustful than he is.
If I don't, I'll find someone who can.
A cunning son of a bitch!
I didn't flirt with him.
I don't know his friends.
No one ever used you for pleasure.
If I had my weapon right away, I'd have taken it immediately.
If I see a good fight and the law on my side, I'll draw the first man.
I'm so angry with God, I'm trembling all over my body.
A cunning son of a bitch!
Doctor, I'm sorry to be so sorry to have to be so sorry for your lady.
I'm protesting, my sweet lord, and I'll tell you.
My lord, my lord, she will be a happy woman.
What do you want to say to her, nurse?
You can't mark me.
She was taken to the cell of the friar Lawrence.
Stay, good nurse.
My man will be with you in the secret night, and bring you a cord made of ropes like a ladder to the highest point of my joy.
Farewell.
Believe me, and I'll stop you.
Farewell.
I'm your mistress.
God bless you, my sweet lord!
Come here, sir.
What do you say, my sweet nurse?
Is your man a secret?
But can you keep a counsel together, " two may keep, but one can't?
You have the same steel, my friend.
My lord, my mistress is the sweetest woman in the world!
This is a prat, a nobleman in Paris, who would like to lay down a knife, but she, good soul, would rather see a frog.
I'm angry sometimes and I tell her Paris is the pilot.
When I tell you, she looks pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale, pale
No, nurse, what about it?
It's a dog's name, Ah, mocker.
I'm sorry to be so sorry to have to be so sorry to your lady.
A thousand times, Peter!
Anonymously!
Before and after.
When I sent the nurse, the clock struck nine.
Maybe she won't meet him.
It's not that.
She's lame.
Love's heralds should be thoughts, which are ten times faster than the sun's beams, driving back the shadows of the mountains.
It's the sun, and it's three o'clock, and she hasn't arrived yet.
She would move fast as a ball of young blood.
I wish I could give him to my sweet love.
But old people, they pretend to be dead, slow, heavy, and pale.
Oh, my sweet nurse, she's coming.
Did you meet him?
Leave this man here.
Stay at the gate, Peter.
Oh, my lord, why are you looking sad?
But it's sad news, and it's fun.
If you're good, you're playing a sweet news song with such a sour face.
I'm a big man.
Leave me alone for a while.
Fool, my bones are sore!
I wish I could hear your bones and hear you.
Can't you wait a minute?
You don't know I'm not breathing?
When you have breath, how do you say you're not breathing?
The excuse you're making is longer than the story you're sorry for.
Are you good news or bad news?
That's the answer I'm supposed to give.
If you tell me, I'll stay.
I'll be satisfied.
Is it good or bad?
You've made a simple choice.
You don't know how to choose a man.
Oh, my lord, Romeo!
But he's not like any man, but he's better than any man, and his legs are better than any man's, and his body is better than any man's.
He's not a flower, but a lamb.
Go away, whore.
Serv God.
Are you at home, my lord?
No.
But I knew all about it.
What is our wedding word?
What about it?
I have a back to the other side.
Oh, my back!
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry you're not.
Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet,
Your love is like a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman
Where is my mother?
Well, she's in there.
Where are you?
How strangely you respond to me!
Your love asks, "Where is your mother?
Oh, my sweet lord, my sweet lord, you're so hot.
Come on, I'll take you.
Is this a poultice for my sore bones?
So you'll write your own messages.
It's a coil.
What did you say about Romeo?
Are you leaving to go to the shrill?
I did.
So you go to the cell of the friar Lawrence.
You'll be a wife to your husband.
Your cheeks are full of blood.
Any news will be in scarlet.
You go to the church.
I'll have to get a ladder, by which your love will soon climb a bird's nest.
Go.
I have to go to dinner.
You go to the cell.
I'm only keeping the peace.
You have a sword, or you can cut them off.
What, they're drawn, they talk about peace?
I won't say it, but I won't say it, and I won't say it, and I won't say it, and I won't say
Behold, coward, go!
Cities, clubs, and the party!
Strike!
Beat them up!
Take a look at Capulets!
I'm against them on Montagues!
What's that noise?
I said my sword!
Montague, old Montague, is here.
You're a villain Capulet!
You don't want to stir up your foot to seek a foe.
He's got a great fortune!
I'm sorry!
Amen.
But the exchange of joy that I have for a moment can not counterbalance the pain that I'm experiencing.
So love is mild.
Love is long-lasting.
It's too fast for arrival, too slow for departure.
The lady is here.
So light a foot, and the eternal flame will never be extinguished.
Even for my ghostly confessor.
You're both welcome, daughter.
He's too much thanks for him.
If you're happy with your joy, and your skills are more powerful, then let's have a nice little breeze, and let's have a sweet little song, and let's have a sweet little song, and let's have a sweet little song,
He boasts of his substance, not of ornament, but of substance.
Come, come, we'll do it quickly.
I beg you, good Mercutio, let's go.
He draws his sword and says "God bless me, I'm not in need of you!
Do I look like a friend?
You're as hot as any Italian, and as soon as you're in a mood, you're as hot as any Italian.
What are you doing?
No, we should have had no sooner, for one would have killed the other.
Why, you, why, you're going to have a beard like a man with a beard.
You can argue with a man for cracking nuts, but you don't have any other reason.
What eye would see such a quarrel?
Your head is full of arguments as an egg is full of flesh, and yet your head is like an egg.
When your dog woke up and you were coughing in the streets, you were on the streets.
Have you ever had a tailor to wear a new doublet before Easter?
With another, to tie the new shoes with the old ribbon?
But teach me to fight!
I can buy a man's life for an hour and a half and a quarter and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and
The fee is simple, isn't it?
It's easy, just like that!
I have to go to Capulets.
I don't want my heel.
You have something to do with it.
It's a word and a word.
My lord, I'm ready for it, and you'll give me an occasion.
You can't have a moment without giving?
You're with Romeo, Mercutio.
What, are you all clowns?
You're going to make us a minstrel, so you can't hear anything but a bunch of noise.
We're talking about people in public.
Either leave the room, and you'll be cold, or else leave.
Everyone sees us here.
They've been looking and staring at them.
I won't move for any man's pleasure, I.
Well, sir, peace is with you.
I have to go.
If he wears your badge, I'll be hanged.
I thank you for the kind welcome that I'm so happy about.
I'm a villain, not a hero.
So, farewell.
You know I'm not a man.
Oh, it doesn't excuse the damage you've done to me.
So turn and move.
Well, Capulet, I offer you the name I'm so fond of, as much as I like.
Calmly, dishonorably, vile submission!
What would you do with me?
By the ears, will you pull the sword out of his holster?
Go, before it's too late.
I'm with you.
Gentle Mercutio, raise your sword.
On the other side, Tybalt.
I'm hurt.
A plague in both houses!
I'm going fast.
He's gone, and he's not here?
What, are you trying to hurt yourself?
I know it's enough.
Where's the page?
You have courage, man.
The injury can't hurt much.
No, 'cause it's not as deep as a well, but it's enough, 'cause it's enough.
Tomorrow, find me a grave man.
I'm being bombarded, I'm sure.
A plague in both houses!
A dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat, a mouse, a cat!
A brat, a rogue, a villain who fights against the book of numbers!
Why did you come here?
I'm hurt in your hand.
Well, I think I have the best.
I'm going to faint, Benvolio.
A plague in both houses!
They've made me a worm.
I know, too, and I know it's good.
Your house!
Oh, Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio!
Tybalt has revenge.
Mercutio survived, and he's been killed!
We have to go with him or we'll be alone.
You, you scold, he's here with you.
That's the plan.
Romeo, go away!
The citizens have risen, and Tybalt has been killed.
Don't be surprised.
If you're taken, the Prince will kill you.
So, so, so.
Why don't you go?
Which way did he kill Mercutio?
Tybalt, the murderer, who's running?
There's Tybalt's body lying there.
Come, uncle.
When did you start?
Where are these nasty newcomers?
I'll find all the unfortunate ones who have fought this fatal battle.
Young Romeo, there's your brother, brave Mercutio, killed by young Brutus.
Tybalt, cousin!
My brother's child!
Oh!
Who started this bloody fight?
I heard the voice of Romeo, his voice rising.
And, "twixt them" is a fatal blow, and "twixt them" is a fatal blow.
But when I came back to Romeo, who was just a little surprised by the return of revenge, and he was like lightning, he was killed by Tybalt.
And then he fell, and then he flew.
It's true or Benvolio is dead.
He's not telling the truth.
Twenty of them fought, and only one of them was killed.
I beg your pardon, Prince.
Romeo has killed Tybalt.
Rome must not live.
He's killed Romeo, Mercutio.
Who will pay the price for his blood?
The fault is that the law is not enough, but the life of Tybalt.
I want to know your heart.
But I'll make you a strong fine that will allay your grief.
I've deafened you with apologies and excuses.
Therefore, use none of the tears nor prayers that are purchased.
Bear therefore, and bear it to our will.
Mercy, mercy, mercy.
Love can see the beauty of the lovers, or, if love is blind, it will be best to agree with the night.
Come, ladies, you're in black, you're dressed as a matron, and you're learning how to lose a winning game.
I'm bleeding in my cheeks with your black cloak, and I'm thinking of love, and I'm thinking of love, and I'm thinking of love, and I'm thinking of love, and I'm thinking of love
Come, night.
Come, Romeo.
You'll be on the wings of the night, like a new snowstorm on the raven's back.
When I die, I'll cut him up and make a nice little star, and the sky will be beautiful, and the world will love him.
The cords you're asking for?
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
What news do you have, my sweet lord?
Why are your hands?
Oh, good!
We're done, ladies, we're done!
I won't go to the day!
Isn't heaven jealous?
But Rome can't, but heaven can.
What devil's art thou to torment me?
This is a hell of torture.
Did he kill himself with Hath?
And that's the bare vowel of a death-darting eye.
If he's killed, say "aye" or "no." If not, "aye."
I'm not a prisoner, eyes, never look at freedom.
The foul earth, the earth's surrender.
Tybalt, Tybalt, my best friend!
I wish I could live to see you dead.
Did you hear that Romeo killed Tybalt and Tybalt's dead?
My dear cousin and my dear lord?
Tybalt's gone, and Romeo's gone.
Oh, my lord, did Romeo's blood spill out of Tybalt's hand?
He did, he did.
Alas, the day was not.
The serpent's heart was hidden in a flower!
Did the dragon ever have a nice cave?
Dove-tailed raven, wolvish-haired lamb!
When you hid a spirit of a demon in a sweet, sweet flesh, what did you do to hell?
Didn't you find a book with such a vile thing in it?
Oh, where is my man?
I'm sorry, Romeo.
You're burning with such a burning tongue!
He's not ashamed of his birth.
He's ashamed to sit, for honor is a throne where honor can be honored.
Oh, what a beast I've been!
Did your cousin kill your cousin?
But you killed my cousin, right?
My husband would have killed my cousin.
It's all comfort.
Why cry then?
I'd forget it, but I'd remember it as a guilty act in my mind.
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo is gone.
The word "banished" has killed ten thousand Tybalts.
If it hadn't ended, Tybalt would have been enough.
Tybalt's dead, "Thy father, or "Your mother, " nay, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "Not, "
Father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet, all dead.
No limit, no limit, no limit, in that word's death.
There's no word for it.
Where is my father and my mother?
Weeping and crying over Tybalt's corpse.
Are you coming with us?
I'll go get him.
Is he crying for tears?
When they dry up, for Romeo's punishment, I'll be spending mine.
You take the cords, poor ropes, you're crazy, both of us.
You're on my way to my bed, but I'm a woman, dying.
Death, not my maidenhead, is the only thing that's wrong!
Hie is in the room.
I'll go to Romeo.
I know where he's going.
Come, Romeo will be here tonight.
I'll take him.
He's hiding in Lawrence's cell.
Come, Romeo.
Come, you're a scary man.
Father, what's the news, father?
I know my son is familiar with such a bad company.
I'm telling you the news of the Prince's death.
What Prince's doom, less than the end of the world?
Ha, banishment!
He says, "Death is much more frightening than death." And he says, "Death is much more frightening." And
In Verona, "banishment" is not allowed.
Wait, the world is wide and wide.
There's no world without Veron's walls, but hell.
So the world is banished, and the world dies.
You've cut off my head with a golden axe and are about to kill me.
A deadly sin!
Unthankful!
It's torture, not mercy.
More validity, more honorable state, more love in the car.
It's possible, but I have to fly.
They're free, but I'm banished.
So tell me, is it not death to be exiled?
Didn't you have any poison, no sharp-edged knife, no sudden death, but "banished" to kill me?
Friar, this word is a hell of a lot of nonsense.
Howling is listening to him.
How did you feel about the word "banished"?
You're a bit crazy, I want to speak to you.
I've been approaching them, and they were your enemies, close-quarters.
I've drawn them to the point.
The prince has come, and we've fought, and the prince has fought, and we've fought, until the prince comes.
Where is Romeo?
Did you see him today?
I'm glad he's not here.
I've been looking for him, but he's been looking for me and stealing into the forest.
He saw many times in the morning, with tears swelling the fresh morning's dew, adding to the clouds.
The dark curtains of Aurora's bed will lift, and the heavy son will leave the bed.
You'll talk about the banishment.
Don't talk anymore.
Then I'm sure there are no ears in the madmen.
How do they look when they're not in their eyes?
I'll dispute your estate with you.
You can't talk about it, you don't feel it.
I'm sorry, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love, your love
Come on.
One knocks.
Good Romeo, hide in the back.
If I don't look in the eyes, I won't be able to find the heartless groans.
Who's so hard to knock?
Why are you here?
What will you do with your will?
Dear father, where is my lady's lord?
Where is Romeo?
It's even in my mistress.
Worse sympathy, worse situation!
But she, crying and weeping, crying and crying.
Wait, you're a man.
Julia, for Juliet's sake, stand up.
Why are you falling into such a deep hole?
Doctor, I'm sick!
Oh, my lord, my lord.
Death is the end of everything.
Did you ever hear of Juliet?
How did she go?
Where is she?
How are you doing?
What secret of our love for My Lady is it?
As if she had been murdered by a gun shot from a deadly point, as if she had been murdered by a gun shot from a deadly point.
Tell me, Friar, tell me, what is my name?
Tell me, I'll take a nasty house.
Are you with a man?
The wild acts are a sign of irrational anger.
You've surprised me.
I thought you were better prepared by my holy order.
Did you kill Tybalt?
Why are you going to the birth, the sky and the earth?
Fie, fie, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool,
What, man, you're going to be a bit tough!
Julia is alive, for your dear sake, and you are happy.
You'll be happy with Tybalt, but you'll be happy with Tybalt.
The law that threatens death is your friend, and he will be free.
The gods bless you, happiness is in her best.
But, like a bad and unhappy woman, Thou pouts on your fortune and loves your misery.
Go, love, as they say.
So you can comfort her.
I beg your lady to hurry up the house, which is heavy with grief, and I'm sure she can do it.
Romeo is coming.
Oh, my lord, I would have stayed here all night to hear good advice.
What learning is learning?
And then I'll be able to tell you, sweetheart.
Here, sir, she offered me a ring.
Oh, hurry up, it's too late.
How much comfort will I have when I'm revived!
So go on.
Good night.
Either you leave before the watch is set, or you'll be hidden by the day.
Sojourn in Mantua.
I'll find your man, and he'll tell you every good thing you can do.
Give me your hand.
It's too late.
Farewell.
We've had a bad time, so we didn't have time to move our daughter.
I loved her, too, and so did I.
Well, we're born to die.
These times are not for romance.
Good night, madam.
I'm sorry for your daughter.
I'll know her tomorrow morning.
Tonight she has a lot of weight.
My lord, I have a desperate offer for my child.
I'll go to my son Paris, and I'll say, "Mark you, on Wednesday!
What day is it?
My lord.
On Monday.
Oh!
Do you like the speed?
We won't be much of a big deal, a friend or two.
If we're lucky, Tybalt may be killed so late, so that we can think of him as our kin.
So we'll have a few friends, and then we'll be over.
But what about Thursday?
My lord, I wish I could go tomorrow.
Well, let's go.
You have to go to Juliet's house on Thursday.
Are you going away?
It's not even day yet.
The nightingale, not the lark, pierced the terrifying silence of your ear.
Love, what envious streaks are in the east, the clouds of love.
The night's candles are extinguished, and the day's Stands are on the misty peaks.
I know it's not daylight, I know it.
Tonight, the sun is shining on you, and you go to Mantua with a torch.
So stay, but don't go.
You can't go.
I'll take it.
I'll be killed.
I'm happy, so you'll be happy.
I'm more concerned about staying than I am about going.
Welcome, death, and welcome!
Well, let's talk about it.
It's not a day.
It's true, it's true.
This lark sings so badly, straining the harsh discords and unpleasurable sharpness.
Some say that the lark is a good division.
She doesn't, but divides us.
The light grows brighter and brighter.
Light and light, more darkness and gloom!
Madam!
Doctor?
Your mother will come to your room.
This is the day of bad news.
Then, the window, the day of the day.
Goodbye, good-bye.
One kiss and I'll go down.
He locks the doors, locks the windows, and makes himself a night of artificial light.
My noble uncle, what's the cause?
I didn't even know him or what he was.
Did you ever try to import him?
I'd be happy to hear your real shrill, madam.
Love, sir, go away, love?
I'll be a lot of years before I see my Romeo again.
Goodbye!
I won't miss any opportunity to greet you, love, so I won't miss any of your greetings.
Do you think we'll ever meet again?
For God's sake, I'm a bad soul.
I think you're so low as a dead man in the bottom of a grave.
Either I'm not looking, or you're looking pale.
Believe me, love, I see you.
Our blood is dry.
Goodbye, good-bye!
Luckily!
Everyone calls you a fool.
You'll be fickle, fortune, so I hope you don't keep him long.
Who's calling me?
Isn't it my mother?
What's the cause of her arrival?
What, how about now, Juliet?
Madam, I don't feel well.
Ever since your cousin died, have you cried?
What, will you wash him out of the grave?
If you can, you can't live with him.
So, I'm sure you did.
There's a lot of grief, but there's still a lot of love.
But I'm crying for such a loss.
You'll feel the loss, but not the friend you weep for.
I can't choose to weep with my friend, feeling so sad.
You're not crying for his death, but for the death of the villain who killed him.
What villain, madam?
The same villain, Romeo.
That's because the traitor's murderer is alive.
Oh, my lord, my lord, my lord, my lord, my lord, my lord, my lord, my
I've only had to venge my cousin's death!
Then you can't cry anymore.
I'll send him to Mantua, where he'll live, and give him a little of the same doth that he'll soon be with Tybalt.
Then I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
I'll never be satisfied with Romeo until I see him dead.
Madam, if you knew only a man to be poisoned, I would temper him, that Romeo would soon be asleep.
I've killed my cousin's body, and I'll destroy his love!
Find the means and I'll find someone.
But I'll tell you a happy news, girl.
Such a needy time is good for joy.
What's going on, my sweet lord?
You have a good father, child.
Madam, what day is this happy one?
I welcome you to the marriage, my sweet, young, noble, and honorable lord, the Count of Paris, at St Peter's.
I won't be a happy bride to the church of Saint Peter.
I wonder if he'll be a husband, so he can be a husband.
I'm sorry, madam and father, but I won't get married.
I swear it's not Paris, but Romeo, who I hate more than Paris.
This is news!
Your father is here.
Tell him what you want to do with him, and see what he does to you.
What's going on?
A conduit, girl?
What, are you still crying, and still crying?
Did you give her our orders?
I'd be crazy to marry her!
No?
Isn't she proud?
She's not a blessed, unruly woman, that we've done so worthy of her husband?
You're not proud, but I'm glad to see you.
How, how, how, how?
The logic of chop!
What's going on?
I'm sorry, "I'm sorry, "I'm sorry, "I'm sorry,
Out, you're a green disease, you're a corpse!
Out, you take the luggage!
You put your face on the face!
Fool, fool!
What, are you crazy?
Good Father, I beg you to be patient, but I beg you to speak.
Don't talk to me.
No, I won't answer.
Don't answer me.
She's on her, hilding!
God bless her!
You, sir, are the one who's responsible.
Why, my lady?
Go, you'll have a gossip.
I didn't talk about treason.
Oh, my lord, I'm good.
Can't we talk about something?
Peace, you fool!
You've put the gravity on the gossip bowl, so we don't have to.
You're too hot.
The bread of God!
I'm sick.
I've been looking for her, day, night, hour, tide, time, work, play, alone, in the company of others.
It's a big day.
Take a heart, give it to your heart.
You're mine, I'll take you to my friend.
Believe me, you'll be all right.
I won't be a part of it.
A month, a week.
If you don't, make a bridal bed in the dimly lit monument where Tybalt is.
Don't talk to me, I won't talk.
Do what you want, I did with you.
Oh, my nurse, what do you mean?
My husband is on the ground, my soul in heaven.
If my husband doesn't leave me on earth, how will my faith return to the earth?
I'm comforted by your presence.
You don't want to talk about joy?
A little comfort, madam.
He's a nice gentleman.
Rome is a dish of beef.
He's not so green, madam, as Paris, so quick, so beautiful.
I think you're happy for the second match, for it's better than the first.
If he doesn't, he's dead, or he's dead, or he's dead, or he's dead.
Are you speaking from your heart?
Amen!
What did you say?
You've really helped me.
I have to go, and tell my lady I'm gone, and I'm sorry for my father.
I will, and it's good.
Oh, devil, devil!
I'll go to the friar for his cure.
If I fail, I'll die myself.
On Thursday, Signior?
It's a short time.
You say you don't know the lady's mind.
I don't like it.
You know why they're so quick.
Look, sir, here comes the lady.
My wife and I have met.
Maybe, my lord, when I'm a woman.
Good morning, cousin.
Isn't it a bit young?
But the new one has nine.
Wasn't it my father who left so quickly?
It's true.
They're not what they are, they're not what they say.
Love is love?
Well, go.
Love?
Where's the food?
It's love, on Thursday.
It's what we have to do.
This is a letter.
Do you want me to confess to my father?
I wish I could confess to you.
Don't deny it, you love me.
I confess that I love him.
I know you'll love me too.
If I'm right, it's more expensive to speak to your back than to speak to your face.
Poor soul, you've got a lot of tears in your eyes.
You have my face, and you're lying.
I take my leisure, my lord, and ask you to take it.
I have to disturb your devotion on Thursday, Juliet.
I knew your grief, Juliet.
You'll be married to the county, and nothing can be postponed.
If you don't tell me how I can prevent it, I won't tell you.
If you don't help me, call me wise and I'll help you with the knife.
Wait, then.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
Tomorrow night you'll be alone.
Don't let the nurse lie in your bed.
No warmth, no breath, you're not breathing.
Give me, give me!
Love is strength, and strength will help me.
Goodbye, my sweet father.
I won't hurt you, my lord.
How can you try to do that?
So he can't lick his fingers if he can't lick his fingers.
Go, get out of here.
This time we're going to be a bit unruly.
Oh, for God's sake.
Look at where she comes from.
I've learned to repent of my sins and to beg pardon from holy Lawrence, and I beg your pardon.
Send the sheriff.
Tell him everything.
I'll have the knot tomorrow morning.
I met the young lord in Lawrence's cell, and I thought I saw him, not to be too modest.
I'm glad I'm here.
Well, that's the end of it.
Stand up and look.
Oh, my lord, I said, marry, go, I said, before God!
He's bound to our entire town.
Doctor, will you help me out with my wardrobe tomorrow when I need them?
No, until Thursday.
It's enough time.
Tomorrow we'll go to the church.
It's almost night.
I'll stir it up, and everything will be all right, I swear by my wife.
You go to Juliet, help her with the deck.
I won't sleep tonight.
I'll go alone.
I'll do it once, and then I'll go to the housewife.
Well, those clothes are best.
What, are you busy?
Do you need my help?
This is full of your hands, I'm sure.
Good night.
Goodbye, God knows when we'll meet again.
I have to act alone in my gloomy scene.
Come, Vial, come here.
What if the mixture doesn't work?
Will you marry me tomorrow morning?
Lie down and lie down.
Oh, look!
I think my cousin's ghost is looking for Romeo, and I think he's looking for him with a sword.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
Romeo, Romeo, Romeo!
Here's a drink.
I'm drinking to
No, no, no, no.
Good heart, what's the matter?
It's a transgression of love.
What do you think about that?
A madness, a choking cough, and a soothing sweet.
Goodbye, my sweet friend.
Soft!
I'll go with you.
If you leave me, you're evil.
I'm lost in my head.
I'm not here, but I'm here.
I'm sad to tell you who you love.
What, will I be grumpy and tell you?
Groan!
Well, no.
But I can't tell you who.
Wait, nurse, I'll take the keys.
They're calling for dates and quince.
Come, stir, stir, stir!
The second cock has a crow.
The curfew has been called.
Don't worry about the cost.
Go to bed, cuckoo, you.
Believe me, you'll be all right in bed.
Tomorrow night you'll be sick.
I've been looking for a lesser cause all night, and never sickened.
You've been a mouse hunt, but I'll watch you from now on.
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
What's there, mate?
Go, go, and hurry.
I have to find out the logs, and Peter won't be able to do anything about it.
It's a big deal.
A merry whore, you devil!
You're a fool, you're a fool, you're a fool.
Wife!
What, what, what?
I say, nurse, I say!
Julian, wake up Juliet.
Cut her.
I'll go and speak with Paris.
Hie, hurry up.
The groom is here.
I'm saying, hurry up.
Mistress!
What, my sweet lord?
Julie, hurry, I'm sure she'll be all right, why, lamb!
Oh!
Oh, love, I say.
Madam!
Oh!
Why, my sweet lord?
What, not a word?
You're taking your money now.
How does she sleep sound?
Well, let's go to bed with the county.
I know he'll scare you.
Will it be all right?
What's that noise?
Unhappy day, my sweet lord!
What did you say?
Look!
It's a big day!
I'm Ome, I'm Ome!
My child, my life, my only life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my life
I'm sorry, but I have to bring Juliet.
The Lord is here.
She's dead, she's dead, she's dead.
I won't go to the day!
I won't go to the day.
She's dead, she's dead, she's dead!
What?
I'll go look for her.
Oh!
She's cold.
She has blood in her joints.
They separated for a long time.
Death is like a sudden frost on the sweetest flower in the field.
Unhappy day, my sweet lord!
This is a terrible time.
Death, that's why I weep, Ties my tongue and won't let me speak.
Is the bride ready to go to the altar?
I'm ready, but I won't be back.
Death is my son-in-law's death.
Death is my heir.
He has a daughter.
I'll die, and leave him.
Life, life, everything is death.
Do I see this morning's face, and do I see it as such?
Damn her, damn her, damn her, damn her, damn her, damn her, damn her, damn her, damn
The last hour of his pilgrimage was the most miserable.
Poor one, poor, poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor, Poor
Oh!
Unfortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate day!
This was the blackest day of my life.
Oh, a dreadful day!
Bewitched, separated, separated, betrayed, killed!
Oh, most horrible death, you've done it to me, cruel, cruel man!
Oh, my lord!
Life!
Not life, but love in death.
Disgusted, distressed, hated, killed!
Why, are you killing us now, killing our solemnity, and making us all look like fools?
I'm not a baby soul!
You've got dead art in your head.
Peace, my sweet lord, for shame!
Confusion is a cure for confusion.
You were part of the fair maid.
Now the sky is all.
The better the maid, the better.
You can't keep your part in her, but heaven will keep his part in eternal life.
You've been looking for her promotion, she should have been promoted.
Now weep, because she'll be higher than the clouds, like the sky itself?
You love your child so much that you're insane, and you're insane about her.
When she dies young, she's best married.
The instruments of melancholy bells, the wedding feast to a sad funeral.
The solemn hymns of the grave, the bridal flowers, the flowers of the grave, everything change.
Everyone will be ready to follow the fair path to the grave.
The sky is full of ill, and you're going to be sick of it.
We can go, Faith.
Oh, my lord, I could change the case.
We're not dumpers.
It's not a time for games.
You can't do it.
No.
I'll give you a good sound.
What will we give you for this?
I won't give you any money, but the light.
I'll give you a minstrel.
Then I'll give you a monster.
I'll put the dagger on your pate.
I won't wear any crotches.
Then I'll tell you my wit.
Tell me as men.
My lord, silver is a very nice sound.
What about you, James Soundpost?
I'm not sure what to say, faith.
I'll tell you.
It's a silver sound because the musicians don't have gold for their instruments.
What a nasty son of a bitch!
Hang on, Jack!
If I go to bed, I'll have a happy news.
Oh, my lord!
How sweet is love, when it's so rich in joy!
What's going on, Verona, Balthasar?
Do you have a letter from the priest?
What's going on with my lady?
Do you think my father's okay?
How did Juliet go?
If she's healthy, nothing can be bad.
Well, then, it's all right, and nothing can be wrong.
She sleeps in Capel's tomb, and her soul lives in the angels.
I saw her in the kindred's tomb and now I'm taking you to the post.
I'm sorry to hear about this bad news, since you've left it to my office.
A sick man in sorrow makes a decision, a word that is so sick.
I'm sad, cousin, I like women.
A good shot, good marksman!
And I love it, too.
It's a fair price, a fair price, the best.
You missed the hit.
She has a fine deal of beauty, and she's starved for her severity, and cut off her beauty from all of her posterity.
She's too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise, too wise,
You will be ruled by me.
Don't think about her.
Oh, forget about thinking!
Isn't that true?
I tell you, the stars!
You know I'm staying at my house.
I'll take the paper and ink and hire a horse.
Tonight I have to go.
I beg your, sir, be patient.
You look pale and wild, and you're importing some bad luck.
You're being tricked, fool.
Leave me alone and do whatever I want.
Do you not have a letter from the priest?
No, my lord, I thank you.
No matter what.
Go away and hire the horses.
I'll be right with you.
I'll be with you tonight, Juliet.
Let's see what means.
You're quick to think of desperate people!
It's the house.
The beggar's shop is closed for the holidays.
What, you're in a bit of a hurry?
Doctor!
Who's calling so loud?
Come, man.
I know you're poor.
Wait, there's forty ducats.
Did you make this man so bare and miserable, and then fear to die?
Your cheeks are full of famine.
You see the hunger and oppression in your eyes.
The world is not your friend, not even the world.
There is no law to make you rich in the world.
I'll go to Juliet's grave, and I'll take you to her grave.
The Holy Father of the Holy Franciscan!
Brother!
This is the voice of the friar John.
Welcome to Mantua.
What's the word for Romeo?
If he thinks, give him the letter.
So I'm staying at Mantua's speed.
Then who gave me the letter?
Unhappy luck!
Brother, go.
I have to go alone to the monument.
In three hours, Juliet will wake up.
I'll write again to Mantua, and keep her in my cell until Romeo arrives.
Poor living, buried in a tomb of a dead man!
Give me the flashlight, boy.
So, and so forth.
But I'd rather not be seen.
Give me the flowers.
Go as I ask you.
Still, I have to go.
The boy warns something approaching.
What curse is that cursed foot that crosses my love and true love?
With a flashlight!
Be quiet, night.
Give me the hammer and the wrench.
I'm gone, and I won't be a problem.
So you can show me your friendship.
Take it, you take it.
Good young man, don't tempt a desperate man.
Go, and I'll leave you.
Think about the ones we've lost.
You should be afraid of them.
Young man, don't tempt me to anger, but don't tempt me to anger.
Oh, go!
Stay away, don't come back.
Live, and you'll be mad, and run away.
I won't let you go, and I'll arrest you for a criminal.
Do you want me to provoke?
Then take it, boy!
Oh, my lord, they're fighting!
I have to call the guard.
Go inside the tomb and let's go.
The noble Count of Paris, Mercutio's cousin.
When my soul didn't attend to my bet?
He said that Juliet should marry Paris.
Did he say he wasn't?
Or did I just dream it?
I'll bury you in a triumphant tomb.
A grave.
No.
A lantern, a young man, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a young woman, a
Death, that's what you sucked in your breath, and you're not in any power to your beauty.
You don't have to be defeated.
What more favor can I do for you than to cut off your youth in two pieces?
Do you think that the unsubstantial death is a romantic, and that the slimy monster will keep you from being his lover?
Here, I'll stay with your housemaids.
I'll take my eternal rest, and shake off this yoke of this world.
Look!
Take the last kiss.
Your medication is quick.
So I'm dying with a kiss.
It's a fair reminder that they hide the fair, hide the fair.
I'll go fast for Saint Francis!
Who's there?
Here's a friend, and he knows you.
It's a blessing!
What's that torch that gives you a useless light to grubs and eyeless skulls?
As I'm sure, the Capel's monument burns.
Who's this?
Romeo!
How long have you been?
It's going to be half an hour.
I'll go with you to the basement.
I won't, my lord.
Wait, then.
I have to go alone.
I'm afraid of what I'm afraid of.
I'm afraid of a lot of bad things.
I dreamed my master and the other one were fighting, and my master was killed.
Oh, my lord, what blood is this, what blood is this, what blood is this, what blood is this?
I'm glad to see you comfortable.
Where is my lord?
I know where I should go, and I'm here.
Where is Romeo?
I hear a noise.
Mistress, from the nest of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.
We could not oppose Hath's greater power.
Come on.
Your husband is dead in your chest.
I'll go to a sisterhood of nuns.
A cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup
I see, he's a timeless end, he's drunk all, and he left me no friendly drop?
I'll kiss your lips.
I'm sure there's still some poison in them, so I'm dying with a restorative.
Yeah, that's a noise, right?
So I'll be brief.
Happy dagger, this is your holster.
I'm dying and dying.
This is the place.
There's where the fire burns.
The ground is bloody, search the graves.
Oh, a horrible sight!
Here's the county, and Juliet's bleeding, warm and alive, who was buried here for two days.
Go to Capulets.
Raise Montagues!
Some of them are looking for others.
Here's Romeo.
We've been looking for him in the cemetery.
Keep him safe until the prince arrives.
There's a friar who's trembling, sighing and crying.
We've taken the mattock and the shovel, as he came out of the churchyard.
A great suspicion.
Stay with the friar.
What are we doing early in our morning that will make us so lucky?
What's so scary about it?
I'm sure that "Julie, " and "Paris, " and all of them rush to the monument.
Go find out, seek, and find out.
Oh, my lord!
Look how our daughter is bleeding!
The dagger is misty, for, lo, the house is empty, and the dagger is in my daughter's bosom.
I have to go!
This is the death bell, that warns me of my old age.
Alas, my lord, my wife's dead.
When she lost my son, her breath stopped.
What do you think about my age?
Look, and you'll see.
I'll be your general until we can clear the confusion and know the spring, head, and true fall, and then I'll be your general.
Besides, I'm afraid, and I'm afraid of the consequences of my mistake, and I'm afraid of the consequences of patience.
I'm the best, I'm the least, but I'm the most feared of all, and I'm the one who's most likely to be killed.
I'm standing here, both to denounce and to apologize, and I'm sorry.
Then tell me immediately what you know.
I'll be brief, for my short breath is not so long.
I write to Romeo, that he should come to help me when the potion is over, so that he can help me to take her out of the grave.
What will be said?
The love, the death of her.
Montague!
Brother Montague, I beg your pardon.
But what do you say to my suit?
But I say what I've said before.
My baby is still stranger in the world.
She hasn't seen the change in fourteen years.
Younger than she is, she makes them.
Too soon, too soon, they've been made.
But be gentle, Paris, give her your heart.
Tonight, I host a feast worthy of a great old-fashioned king, and invite many guests.
The two enemies, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers, the two lovers
The two hours of our stage, which, though their children's end, can not be stopped, are the only traffic of our stage, which, though their children's end, can not be stopped.
When young men of lusty young men feel the comfort of the limping winter.
You'll be inheriting my house tonight, even if you enjoy the fresh fennel.
My lord, go, my lord, walk through the fair Veron.
Who's writing the names?
The shoemaker's yard and the tailor's last are written, the fisher with his pencil and the painter with his brush.
But I can't find out what name the person has written, and I can't find out what name the person has written.
Take a new infection to your eye, and the old poison will die.
This plantain leaf is a wonderful plant.
What, are you asking?
Why, Romeo, are you crazy?
Not mad, but he's more than a madman, he has a lot of prisoners, he has food, he has a lot of people to torture, and he has a lot of people to torture.
God, I'm good.
I beg your, sir, can you read?
My own fate is my own.
Maybe you learned it from the book.
I ask you, can you read anything you've seen?
If I know the language and the letters.
You're telling the truth.
Wait, friend.
I read it.
The lady of the Countess of Anselme and his beautiful nieces; the Countess of Anselme and his beautiful nieces; the Countess of Anselme and his beautiful nieces; the Countess of Ansel
The great Valentinius and his cousin Tybalt.
Where are they going?
Well, go.
Where?
To dinner?
To our house.
Who's this house?
My master.
Indeed, I wish I could ask you before.
I'll tell you without asking.
If you don't belong to the Montagues, I'll crush a cup of wine with my master.
Keep your head down.
The beautiful Rosaline who you love with all the admired beauties of Veron.
Go, and look at her face, and I'll show you a face that will make you think she's a crow.
Isn't it a better love than my own?
She has never seen the sun Ne'er see.
I'll go, I won't show you anything, but I'm happy to be happy.
Doctor, where is my daughter?
Call me and tell me.
I told her to come by my maidenhead at twelve.
What, you scold?
Who's calling now?
Your mother?
Madam, I'm here.
What do you say?
You know my daughter is pretty young.
I'll tell her the age of the hour.
She's not 14, but she's 14.
I have only four teeth, but she has only four.
Even if she's not, she'll be at fourteen on the night of Lammas Eve.
I, God, was old.
Well, God's with her.
I've been too good a girl.
But she'll be 14 on the night of the Lammas Eve.
That's the truth.
I remember it very well.
I never forgot it since the earthquake, and I never forgot the whole year.
I've sat under the dome of the house, and I've sat under the sun.
Oh, my lord, when I was at Mantua, I was in my head, but, as I said, when I tasted the wormwood on my nipple, it was a big fool.
The dove said, "Quoth the dove." "Quoth the dove." "Quoth the dove."
I'm not, I'm sure, I'm not.
He asked, "Do you want to fall on your face?
Well, it's a fool, and he says "aye." Well, it's a fool.
I'm praying that you don't get in trouble.
Yes, madam.
I know he was a big, dangerous, and painful blow, and he cried bitterly.
My husband, "will you fall on your face?
When you're old, fall.
Wilt, " said Wilt, "and I'm sorry." "Yes, " said Wilt, "
God bless you, you're a blessing to him!
You're the prettiest girl I ever had.
I wish I could see you married.
Tell me, Juliet, how do you think you'll be married?
It's an honor I'm not dreaming about.
Think about the wedding now.
Younger than you are here in Verona, ladies of the highest rank.
I've been your mother for years, and you are a maid now.
So then: The brave Paris is looking for you.
A young man, a young woman!
There's no such flower in the summer.
What do you say?
If I like it, I'll look forward to it.
But I'll only give you my consent to fly, not my strength to fly.
So I'll wait.
I beg you, go straight.
We follow you, Juliet, the county is staying.
Look, girl, look, girl, look, girl, look!
Shall we apologize for this speech?
Or will we apologize?
It's not so much a prologue.
But let's see what they measure us.
I want a flashlight.
I don't like this slow walk.
No, sweet Romeo, let's go have a dance.
I didn't, I'm sure.
You're wearing shoes with a nimble toe.
I'm a soul of lead, so I'm stuck in the ground.
You're a lover, you're a friend.
He borrows Cupid's wings and flies in the sky.
I'm too sore to fly with his light feathers, and so I'm bound to fall into a deep, dark hole.
I'm sinking under the weight of love.
We'll be a bit choleric.
I'm moving fast, so I'm moving.
But you're not moving fast enough to strike.
To move is to stir, and to be brave is to be brave.
I have to move to the dog.
It's too heavy for a tender thing, too heavy for a tender thing.
Is love tender?
It's too harsh, too rude, too loud, and it's like a thorn.
Love is harsh, love is harsh.
Let's go get the silly, pointless rush of the heart.
Let daylight burn, ho!
No, it's not so.
We're wasting our lights like daylights.
We have to go to the mask, but it's not a good thing to do it.
Why, do you want to know?
I've had a dream about it.
And I did too.
What's yours?
Dreamers often lie.
When they sleep, they dream.
Then I know that you were with Queen Mab.
She goes to court, and then she goes to her dream and smells the suit.
He dreams of another benefice, and he tickles a tithe-pig's tail.
It's me, Peace, Peace, Mercutio, peace!
We've blown ourselves out of this wind.
We're supposed to go to dinner, but we'll be late.
On, my good lord.
He's got a strike, a drum.
Where's Potpan, he's not helping you?
It's a bad thing when one or two men wash it all in one hand.
Take off the joint-stools, remove the table, and look at it.
I'll take a piece of marchpane, and, as you like, let's have Susan Grindstone and Nell!
Oh, boy, I'm ready.
They're looking for you and call you.
We can't be here, and we can't be here.
Good boy, boys.
Go quickly, and the longer you take, the more you'll be.
Welcome, good sirs!
I swear by my honor, she has a lot of dainty.
Welcome, my good friends!
By your lady, it's been thirty years.
It's more, 'cause it's more.
He's a son of a father.
He's thirty-six.
Will you tell me the truth?
He was a ward for two years.
I don't know, my lord.
She's teaching the torch to burn brightly!
I never saw a real beauty until this night.
What, is a Montague, what, dares a slave to come, covered with a grim face, to escape and scorn at our solemnity?
Why storm then?
Uncle, this is Montague, our enemy, a villain who has come here tonight, despite our solemnity.
Young Romeo?
This is the villain of Romeo, the villain.
Gentle sir, I beg your pardon.
Leave him alone.
He's a handsome, well-mannered young man, and Verona is proud to have him.
I won't do him any disservice by giving him a share of the wealth of the city.
So be patient.
Don't look at him.
You can't endure it!
It's a shame, uncle.
Go, go, go.
You're a sexy boy.
Isn't that true, really?
I know what you're about to do.
You have to do it to me.
I'll be quiet, my heart!
Don't they have a holy mouth and a holy man?
Oh, pilgrim, use your mouth to pray.
Oh, dear saint, let's do what hands do.
They pray, and you know, if you don't, you'll be despairing.
But the Saints don't move, but for the sake of prayer.
Then don't move, but my prayer.
So my sin is cleansed from my mouth.
Then I'll have a sin on my lips.
Sin on your tongue?
I'll have my sin back.
You kissed the book.
Madam, your mother is waiting for you.
What woman is this?
You've talked to her daughter.
I tell you, he has chinks.
No, gentlemen, don't be afraid.
We're supposed to have a little silly dinner, right?
I'll rest a bit.
This is a dispute between our masters and our men.
It's all one.
I'll show you a tyrant.
The maid's head?
Yes, the maids, or the maidenheads.
Take it as you will.
They have to take it as a sense.
When I'm able to stand, they'll feel like I'm a pretty good man.
You're not a fish, you're a fish.
Hurry, grab the weapon!
I'm naked with a weapon.
Come, nurse.
What gentleman is this?
Son of Tiberius.
What's that one who's going outside?
I think it's a young Petruchio.
I don't know.
If he's married, ask him.
What did you say?
What did you say?
All the strangers have vanished.
He loved and loved again, and he loved and loved with a look, and he loved and loved with a look, and he loved and loved with a look, and he loved and loved with a look, and he loved and loved with a look
She's much more interested in meeting her new love, and she's much less interested in meeting her new love.
But passion is powerful, time is needed, and extreme sweetness is the power of passion.
When my heart is here, can I go?
He's wise, and he has him in his bed.
He's running down the wall and leaping over it.
Call, good Mercutio.
No, I'll do it too!
Oh, my lord, Romeo!
Oh, looks like you're going to be a sigh!
You can only say one rhyme, and I'll be happy.
Love" and "dove" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love" and "love"
If he hears you, he'll be angry.
He can't be angry with him.
I ask you to be honest with me.
He loves love and is best suited to the dark.
Love can't be blinded by love.
He would sit under a tree and wish his mistress were as beautiful as a fruit, like a woman who would sit alone and laugh alone.
Then it's futile to seek him, because he's not found here.
It's the east, and Juliet is the sun.
Only fools wear her vestal livery.
Throw him out!
This is my lady.
It's my love, it's my love.
She knew she was!
She speaks, but not a word.
What about it?
He talks about his eye.
It's not for me to speak to her.
Two of the most beautiful stars in the sky, with some business, twinkle in the sky and twinkle in the sky.
The sky would be bright, and the birds would sing and think it wasn't night.
Look how she leans on her hand.
I could have been a glove on my hand, so I could touch him!
Oh, Romeo, Romeo!
So you're Romeo?
It's only my name that's my enemy.
So I won't be Romeo any more.
What man, so blinded by the night, so dumb to my counsel?
I don't know how to tell you who I am.
Didn't you say that you were not Romeo, and Montague?
Orchard walls are tall and steep, and the place is death, if anyone finds you there.
So my kin won't stop me.
If they see you, they'll kill you.
Look, I'm proof that you're sweet, and I'm against you.
I won't let you see the world they've seen.
They hate me more than death, and I'm better off with their hatred than death.
If I'm not mistaken, the mask is on my face, and I'll blush for what you've heard me say.
Do you like me?
You'll say, "I'll take your word." "I'll take your word." "I'll
What are the promises I'm making?
Don't swear at all.
If you wish, swear by your gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry.
If my heart is my love, don't swear.
But I'm happy for you, but this contract is not for me.
When we meet next summer, the bud of love, the ripening breath, will be a beautiful flower.
As you rest in my heart, as you rest in my chest.
Oh, you're leaving me unsatisfied, right?
What satisfaction can you have tonight?
The exchange of your love for mine.
I gave you mine before you asked, and I wish I could give it to you again.
Should I pull him away?
What is love?
But I'll tell you again, and I'll tell you again.
But I wish I could do something for this thing.
I'm boundless, love is deep.
I hear some noise.
Love, adieu, Anon, good nurse!
Wait a minute.
I'll come again.
Oh, my lord, my lord, my lord,
I'm afeard, I'm only dreaming, too much of a dream, too much of a dream.
Oh, my dear Romeo, three words, my sweet lord.
Don't be afraid.
We'll take the law of the side.
Well, let's get started.
I'll frown and let them take it as they list it.
No, they're brave enough to dare.
If they're not, I'll bite my thumb.
My lord, are you biting our thumb?
I've bitten my thumb, my lord.
My lord, are you biting our thumb?
You can't argue, are you?
Strange, sir?
No, my lord.
Tomorrow I'll send you the report.
So I'll be happy, a thousand times better than a good night!
The worse you want to be, the worse it is.
I'm calling on my soul, and it's my soul that calls me, "My Romeo!
Oh, the sweet, soothing sounds of lovers' tongues, like the sweetest music to listen to ears!
Oh, my lord, Romeo!
My nyas, what do you mean?
When do you want to send me tomorrow?
By nine o'clock.
I won't fail.
It was twenty years ago.
I forgot why I called you.
I'll stand here until you remember.
I'll stay here, and you'll forget all about it, forgetting all about it.
It's almost time for dinner.
But he can only hop a little, like a poor prisoner in a twisted gyve, and with a silky thread pulls him back again, so loving-jealous of his freedom.
If I were you, I'd be your bird.
I wish I could.
But I wish I could have killed you with a lot of love.
Good night, good night!
I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry.
You're sleeping, peace in your heart.
I could rest and sleep, so I could rest.
So I go to my ghostly friar's cell, and I tell my sweet friend.
The grey-eyed dawn smiles, the eastern clouds of the sky, and the dark clouds of the night, like a drunkard's head, smile at us.
I must fill the oster with baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers on the day of the sun's advance.
The earth is her mother.
We suck on her natural breasts, and find many virtues, many of them good, but none of them for all of them.
Mickle is the powerful grace that lies in the herbs, plants, stones, and their real qualities.
For nothing so vile as to live on earth, but a good thing.
The virtue turns vice into virtue, and vice into virtue.
There's poison in the rind.
They're still standing in the same way, as well as herbs and dirt, and they'll be pleased with it.
When a plant is dominant, canker will soon be dead.
Good morning, father.
Benedicite!
What's sweet about my tongue?
Young son, the young man says your head is distempered.
The old man always looks in the eyes of the old man, and he will never sleep.
But where a young man with bare head sleeps, there is a golden sleep.
I assure you, your earliness is a distemper.
If not, then I'll hit him with it: I didn't sleep today.
That's true.
The sweeter rest was mine.
With Rosaline, my ghostly father?
That's my good boy.
Then where have you been?
I'll tell you when you ask.
Our remedies are in your hands and holy medicine.
I'm not a hatred, my friend, for I'm also my friend.
